The Atlanta Hawks ( 46 - 12 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 41 ) 95 - 88 on Wednesday at the Amway Center in Orlando . Taking their second loss in a row , the Magic were finally eliminated from playoff contention in the East . The Hawks , on the other hand , continued to build their lead as the top overall projected playoff seed . Despite losing five of their last ten games , they 're still eight and a half games ahead of the second place Cleveland Cavaliers . Both teams struggled shooting the ball , as the Hawks went 44 percent from the field and 45 percent from the three - point line , while the Magic finished at 45 percent from the floor and just 35 percent from deep . The Hawks were led by Nikola Vucevic , who went 10 - for - 16 from the field to score 21 points , while also adding 15 rebounds and a blocked shot . It was his third double - double over his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 19 points and 15 rebounds . Notching a double - double of his own , Al Horford finished with 17 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 FT ) and 13 rebounds . He was able to get to the free throw line eight times and converted on all eight attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after struggling with his shot against the Pelicans on Sunday . Channing Frye added 10 points ( 3 - 10 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt ) and three rebounds off the bench . The Magic 's next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Friday , while the Magic will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Bucks ( 18 - 17 ) handled the Knicks ( 5 - 31 ) 95 - 82 at the O2 in London , England on Thursday . Milwaukee jumped out to an early 22 - 21 lead and never looked back , as the lead reached as many as 31 points in the third quarter . The Knicks mounted a mini - comeback midway through the fourth , cutting the lead to 12 at one point , but a pair of Zaza Pachulia free throws followed by an O.J . Smith three - pointers , finished with 17 points and three rebounds . Brandon Knight led the Bucks in scoring with 17 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , and he added five assists and two rebounds . Zaza Pachulia posted a double - double with 16 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 14 rebounds . J.R. Smith had a solid all - around night as well , as he scored 15 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt ) , to go with seven rebounds , four assists and one block in 37 minutes . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Knicks in scoring with 16 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) , along with 12 rebounds , two assists , two blocks and one steal , in 30 minutes . Tim Hardaway Jr. was the only other Knicks player to score in double digits , as he chipped in 17 points , along with seven rebounds , in 20 minutes off the bench . The only other player to score in double figures for the Bucks was Johnny Aldrich , who tallied a double - double with 10 points and 14 rebounds , in 31 minutes . The Bucks shot only 46 percent from the field but turned the ball over 22 times , compared to Charlotte’s five . Up next , the Bucks take on the Warriors on Saturday . The Bucks play host to the Knicks on Friday night .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 5 - 0 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 3 - 2 ) 102 - 91 on Wednesday at the FedExForum in Phoenix . The Grizzlies were the superior shooters in this game , going 50 percent from the field and 53 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 46 percent from the floor and just 38 percent from beyond the arc . The Grizzlies were also able to force the Suns into 18 turnovers , while only committing 16 of their own . The Grizzlies were led by the duo of Eric Bledsoe and Courtney Lee . Bledsoe finished with a team - high of 24 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) , to go along with two steals , while Morris finished with 20 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and five rebounds . Lee has been on a bit of late , scoring only 20 points in one of his last four games , so it was good to see him return to form . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Isaiah Thomas , who recorded 15 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and two assists in 26 minutes . Since joining the Suns 8 games ago , he 's averaged 27 points , 13 rebounds and 8 assists , as he 's really stepped up lately for the injury plagued Grizzlies . Zach Randolph did n't have his best night shooting the ball , but still finished with 10 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 2 - 3 FT ) , six rebounds and two steals in 29 minutes . The Grizzlies ' next game will be on the road against the Sacramento Kings on Friday , while the Suns will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 29 - 15 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 17 - 28 ) 114 - 110 on Saturday night . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Detroit , as they shot 46 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The fourth quarter is where the Raptors really turned it on , as they outscored the Pistons 25 to 31 . The Pistons actually dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 37 boards to the Pistons 44 . Detroit came into this game as a small favorite , but couldn’t muster up enough late to pull out the road win . The bench was the only reason they played so well , as they scored 41 bench points to go along with an impressive 31 rebounds . Andre Drummond had his worst game of the season , as he tallied 14 points , eight rebounds and one block while dealing with foul trouble of his own . Detroit will have to play again on Monday in the second half of a back - to - back , as they 'll have to travel to San Antonio to take on the Spurs . The Raptors appear to be finally putting it all together and it 's likely as simple as health . DeMar DeRozan had one of his best games of the season though , as he tallied 25 points , six rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points and 16 rebounds . Up next for the Raptors is a matchup against the New York Knicks on Tuesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 30 - 29 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 24 - 35 ) 102 - 91 on Wednesday at the Palace of Auburn Hills . While currently riding an eight - game losing streak , the Pistons were able to overcome the drought and secured a victory in a double - overtime thriller . With just six seconds left in regulation , Jabari Parker came up clutch for the Pistons and hit a three - point shot to tie the game , but the Pistons just ran out of time and gave the Pistons a one - point game . The Pistons were able to out - score the Bucks 22 - 18 in the fourth quarter , therefore setting them up to pull off an impressive 11 - point win in front of their home crowd . The Pistons were the superior shooters in this one , going 42 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 49 percent from the floor and 58 percent from beyond the arc . Khris Middleton led the Pistons , going 11 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 26 points , while also adding two assists . He 's combined for 57 points over his last two games , so he continues to ride the hot hand . Morris on the other hand also recorded 22 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 4 FT ) of his own , to go along with eight rebounds and two steals . He 's had a nice stretch of three games , averaging 17 points and 7 rebounds over that span . Marcus Morris chipped in with 20 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and eight rebounds as well . Doing his best to keep the Bucks in the game was Khris Middleton . Middleton went 11 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 26 points , while also adding seven rebounds and two blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now averaging 10 points and 3 rebounds on the season . Jabari Parker had a solid all - around game . He recorded 13 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , five rebounds and three assists in 50 minutes . It was a new season - high in points for him , while also marking his first double - double since his first game of the season back in November . Marcus Morris was dialed in with his shot as well , going 8 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 20 points . The Bucks ' next game will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday , while the Bucks will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
Giannis Antetokounmpo has been a model of consistency for the Bucks all season long and Tuesday night was his most impressive performance of the season , as he posted 34 points , 12 rebounds , five assists and five steals . The 34 points was a season - high , while the 12 rebounds was his second highest total of the season . Tuesday also marked the second time this year Antetokounmpo recorded 34 points , 10 rebounds , five assists and five steals as he continues to stuff the stat sheet as well as any player in the NBA . However , it was the play of Michael Beasley that may have been just as , if not more , important for Milwaukee 's upset victory . Beasley 's 17 points Tuesday night were his second highest total of the season and the seventh time he has reach double - digit scoring . In those seven games , the Bucks are 6 - 1 , as Beasley 's contributions off the bench have had a positive effect on Milwaukee 's offensive attack . Wednesday 's performance marked the second time in the last nine games that Antetokounmpo has scored at least 20 points and four rebounds with at least 19 points , two rebounds and three assists . On top of all of that , Love is shooting 52 percent from the field in those 19 games , and has failed to score more than 8 points in any game this season . So , while the 12 turnovers per game is n't a rarity for this team and this is a great sign going forward .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 4 - 0 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 0 - 4 ) 101 - 93 on Saturday . LeBron James was once again the story of the night as he torched the Celtics for his sixth 27 - point performance of the season . James finished the night with 27 points , 10 rebounds and eight assists on 10 - of - 24 shooting in the 46 - point performance . Kevin Love ( ankle ) returned to the lineup after a one - game absence and finished with two points and one assist in 17 minutes . Jared Sullinger played just eight minutes , and his role appears to be getting reduced as the Cavaliers ' other big men continue to excel . LeBron James scored 27 points to lead all scorers and added 10 rebounds and eight assists in 46 minutes . The Celtics shot 40 percent from the field as a team and flashed their brilliant ball movement to continuously open up the floor , a staple of Gregg Popovich’s supreme coaching and unselfish basketball . The Cavaliers host the Phoenix Suns ( 0 - 4 ) on Monday , while the Cavaliers host the Phoenix Suns ( 8 - 8 ) on Tuesday . Cleveland was playing the second game of a back - to - back Wednesday after Tuesday 's 127 - 118 track meet in Phoenix . The Celtics relied heavily on their three - point shooting , but to no avail as they shot just 6 - 44 from beyond the arc . The Celtics begin a three - game road trip Monday against the New York Knicks .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 8 - 13 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 11 - 12 ) 114 - 101 on Tuesday night . In a battle of one of the best offenses in the NBA , the defenses showed their true form . The key for Oklahoma City was their rebounding , as they brought down 54 boards to the Bucks 31 . Oklahoma City has been playing better ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo flirted with a triple - double in this win , as he accumulated 28 points , five rebounds and seven assists . Oklahoma City were led by Russell Westbrook , who totaled 28 points , 5 rebounds , seven assists and three steals in the victory . Those are the types of performances the Thunder need from Durant all season if they are to compete for an NBA title . That is the beauty of having Westbrook and Westbrook . That 's a recipe for disaster , especially when you 're not shooting the three - ball well . In any case , they still pulled out a win in impressive comeback fashion and got back to .500 . Giannis Antetokounmpo was a force , as he tallied 28 points , five rebounds and seven assists in the win . O.J. Mayo also made his return from a one - game absence and that 's a silver lining in a tough result . The 22 - game winning streak is over , but it 's time to reflect and appreciate how special of a run that actually was . Milwaukee wo n't play again until Sunday , when they play the Milwaukee Bucks in their next fixture .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the New York Knicks in quadruple overtime , 142 - 139 , at Phillips Arena on Sunday . A game that started off with very little defense being played over the first two quarters ended up becoming much tighter over the third and fourth periods . After the Knicks ( 21 - 28 ) held a 65 - 61 lead going into halftime , the two teams combined for just 84 points in the second half . With four overtimes , there were plenty of opportunities for heroics , and Carmelo Anthony and Courtney Lee capitalized on three of them . Anthony 's driving layup with two seconds left in regulation and 18 - footer with six ticks in the first overtime helped New York stay alive , while Lee 's 26 - foot three - point jumper with one second on the clock in the second overtime sent matters into a third extra period . Dennis Schroder then turned the tables , draining a driving layup with three seconds remaining in the third overtime . Finally , it was Paul Anthony who put an end to the Knicks ' first four - overtime tilt since 1951 , pouring in a shot with 27 seconds remaining that gave Atlanta ( 28 - 20 ) a 141 - 139 lead they would n't relinquish . In all , four Knicks players , including Anthony , fouled out , while Millsap played a whopping 60 minutes . Anthony led the way for New York with a season - high 45 points , along with six rebounds , four assists and one block over 46 minutes , taking a whopping 36 shots in the process . Brandon Jennings , starting for Derrick Rose ( ankle ) , totaled 18 points , 11 assists , three rebounds and one steal . Lee had a near double - double with 17 points , nine rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block . Kristaps Porzingis managed 15 points , five boards , one assist and three blocks . Justin Holiday stepped up with a bench - leading 15 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , two assists and one steal . Mindaugas Kuzminskas posted 13 points , four rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block in a reserve role as well . Kyle O'Quinn hauled in 12 boards off the bench , and Joakim Noah had a modest six points but added 14 rebounds , five assists , three steals and two blocks . Millsap paced Atlanta with a 37 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included seven assists , one steal and one block . Kent Bazemore managed 24 points and nine rebounds . Schroder posted a 23 - point , 15 - assist double - double that also included four rebounds , while Dwight Howard posted a 19 - point , 13 - rebound effort of his own . Tim Hardaway , Jr. matched Howard 's point total while dishing out eight assists , hauling in five rebounds and recording a steal . Mike Dunleavy led the reserves with 12 points . The Knicks get a day off to rest before facing the Washington Wizards in the Nation 's Capital on Tuesday evening , while the Hawks travel to South Florida to face the Heat on Wednesday night .
The host Golden State Warriors took down the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday , 133 - 120 . The Warriors ( 43 - 7 ) saw stellar top - down play even despite the absence of All-Star Draymond Green . The reigning conference Player of the Month duo , Steph Curry and Kevin Durant , recorded a pair of double - doubles . Curry led the team with 29 points and dished out 11 assists , while Durant scored 26 to go with 10 assists and eight rebounds . It was a typically dominant game for the loaded superteam , as the Warriors shot over 52 percent from the field and poured in 14 three - pointers . Seven players scored in double - digits and the team dished out a whopping 38 assists . Golden State was able to quickly get ahead of the Clippers with a 33 - 22 advantage in the first quarter . The Clippers ( 31 - 19 ) remain without injured superstar Chris Paul , and could have used him in Thursday 's double - digit loss . Star forward Blake Griffin took the reigns on offense in Paul 's stead , scoring a game - high 31 points . Off the bench , sixth man Jamal Crawford scored 21 and hit five three - pointers . However , not even 50 percent shooting as a team and ten three - pointers was enough for LA to best the stacked Warriors ' squad . 15 team turnovers did little to help the Clippers ' case . The Warriors will travel to Sacramento on Saturday , while the Clippers will play in Boston on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 14 - 53 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 28 - 40 ) 87 - 90 on Friday . In a battle between the two bottom teams in the west , the better team prevailed . The shooting was terrible from both teams , as they both shot 40 percent from the field . The difference for the suns was the play of their starters , as they outscored the Lakers starters 80 - 31 . In fact , no Lakers starter scored in double figures for the first time in over a decade . This now gives Los Angeles their fifth win in their last eight games , with this loss being the best record in the NBA . Carmelo Anthony led the team in scoring , dropping 26 points , 12 rebounds and four assists . Robin Lopez also had a nice game , as he totaled 16 points and eight rebounds . The Lakers will look to get out of this slump on Saturday against the Los Angeles Clippers . This now gives Los Angeles four wins in their last five and they appear to be making one final push at the postseason . Carmelo Anthony did his best to keep the Knicks in this game , as he accumulated 26 points , 12 rebounds and four assists in the win . Robin Lopez also played well , as he amassed 16 points , eight rebounds and two blocks . Brandon Clarkson made his return from a knee injury to score 11 points and snatched down three rebounds . On deck for the Lakers is a matchup against the Oklahpma City Thunder on Tuesday .
DeMar DeRozan 's game - high 30 points led Toronto , and the Raptors tallied success rates of 52 percent from the field and 56 percent from three - point range . They also won the rebounding battle by a 46 - 37 margin and built an insurmountable 65 - 39 halftime lead . Matching 27 - point efforts from DeMar DeRozan , who also provided three assists , three rebounds and a steal . Jabari Parker continued his stretch of excellent play , leading the way for the Raptors with 27 points , three rebounds , two assists and one steal . Kyle Lowry followed with 18 points , seven assists , three rebounds and one steal . DeMarre Carroll and DeMarre Carroll were next with matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding six rebounds and two assists , and the latter providing six rebounds , two assists and one steal . DeMarre Carroll generated 13 points , six rebounds , two assists and one steal . Greg Monroe led the second unit with 11 points , two rebounds , one assist and one steal . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for the visitors with 30 points , nine rebounds , five assists , three steals and one block . Terrence Ross tallied 25 points , five rebounds , one steal and one block . DeMarre Carroll tallied 13 points , six boards and two assists . Matthew Dellavedova registered 2 points and five assists , while Tony Snell registered eight points , five rebounds , four assists and one block . DeMar DeRozan paced the starting five with 30 points , three rebounds and three assists . Kyle Lowry was next with 18 points , three rebounds , seven assists and one steal .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 0 - 1 ) 105 - 101 on Wednesday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . Right from the tip - off , the Grizzlies were clearly the better offensive team in this one . They capped off the first half with a 48 - 39 point lead , giving them enough of an advantage to coast to a victory on the road . They shot 52 percent from the field and 27 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves finished at 45 percent from the floor and 50 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , Marc Gasol had a monster night , finishing with 32 points ( 12 - 17 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 8 - 10 FT ) and nine rebounds . It was his second straight double - double and fourth in the last five games , as he continues to be a force this season . Williams was also very efficient Tuesday . He shot 7 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding six assists . The only other Timberwolve to reach double figures in points was Shabazz Muhammad , who recorded 13 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) in 23 minutes off the bench . The Grizzlies ' next game will be on the road against the Los Angeles Lakers , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 37 - 42 ) took down the Washington Wizards ( 45 - 34 ) 117 - 80 on Monday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Washington , as they shot 39 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The fourth quarter is where the Nets really turned it on , as they outscored the Wizards 21 to 18 . The Nets actually dominated the rebounding , as they brought down 50 boards to the Nets 50 . Washington has seen its playoff hopes slip in recent weeks , but this win keeps some hope alive . The Wizards are now within three games of the final playoff spot in the East , albeit with only six games left . Brook Lopez was huge though , as he tallied 26 points , nine rebounds and four blocks . Bojan Bogdanovic was second on the team , as he scored 22 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Thaddeus Young recorded a double - double , as he totaled 24 points and 16 rebounds . The Wizards will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday against the Charlotte Hornets . This was one of Brooklyn 's best games of the season , as they handled an Eastern Conference foe extremely easily . The Nets were clicking on all cylinders , but their defense was the key , as they held the Wizards to 39 percent shooting . All the starters played well , as four of them scored at least 10 points and all five recorded at least five assists . Marcin Gortat was a force , as he scored 21 points and grabbed 16 rebounds in the win . Deron Williams also had a great game , as he amassed 22 points , two assists and three rebounds in the victory . The Nets have now won nine of their last 22 and they 'll look to keep that momentum going against the New York Knicks on Saturday .
The Washington Wizards ( 36 - 37 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 58 ) 101 - 88 on Sunday at the Verizon Center in Washington . The Wizards got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Wizards did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 39 percent compared to the Lakers , who went 25 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Wizards did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Lakers into 18 turnovers , while committing just 18 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . John Wall had a huge day for the Lakers . He shot 9 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding 13 assists . He 's combined for 39 points in hist last two games and is now averaing 19 points per game . Marcin Gortat led the Lakers in scoring with 16 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) , while also grabbing 10 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 32 points and 36 rebounds over his last two games . He 's now averaging 22 points and 6 rebounds on the season . Julius Randle was able to notch a double - double as he finished with 14 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 10 rebounds . He 's now averaging 18 points and 6 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , J.J. Hickson was the only other Wizards ' player to reach double figures . He finished with 14 points ( 5 - 5 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 0 - 0 FT ) and six rebounds in 32 minutes . He 's now averaging 14 points and 4 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , J.J. Hickson was able to provide a nice boost with the second unit . Hickson went 5 - for - 5 from the field to score 14 points , while also adding five rebounds in 22 minutes . The Wizards ' next game will be on the road against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday , while the Lakers will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 53 - 29 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 46 - 36 ) 113 - 108 on Wednesday at the Air Canada Centre in Washington . The Cavaliers got out to a quick start in this matchup , out - scoring the Wizards 20 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Cavaliers were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 53 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards went 43 percent from the floor and just 36 percent from beyond the arc . The Cavaliers were also able to force the Wizards into 13 turnovers , while committing only 16 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Cavaliers were led by Kevin Love who went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 5 - for - 2 from the three - point line to finish with 19 points , while also adding three rebounds and 0 blocked shots . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 18 points and 16 rebounds . Love , on the other hand , posted 19 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 5 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) of his own , to go along with three rebounds and two blocked shots . After shooting just 18 percent ( 4 - 12 FG ) from the field in Sunday 's game against the Rockets , it was good to see him get things turned back around and have a decent performance . Rasual Butler was the only other starter in double figures , as he recorded 12 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and five rebounds . Rasual Irving had 17 points ( 7 - 8 FG , 8 - 3 3Pt ) and two rebounds off the bench . The Cavaliers ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 5 - 23 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 11 - 23 ) 111 - 107 on Monday at the Pepsi Center in Los Angeles . The Lakers were down 81 - 78 following the third quarter , but were able to make a run in the final quarter , out - scoring the Lakers 27 - 28 to finish off the game and secure the six - point victory on the road . The Lakers were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 27 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets went 46 percent from the floor and just 36 percent from beyond the arc . The Lakers were led by the duo of Gary Harris and Will Barton . Barton went 10 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , while also adding eight rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Lakers ' seven - game win streak . Bryant on the other hand finished with 31 points ( 10 - 22 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 9 - 11 FT ) , three rebounds and five assists . He nearly had the unconventional quadruple - double as well , considering he recorded nine turnovers . Bryant was basically able to do whatever he wanted against a poor Nuggets defense in this one . Coming off the bench , Jordan Clarkson had a solid outing . He went 6 - for - 14 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while adding eight rebounds as well . He 's had a nice start to March offensively , recording two games in a row with 14 points.The only other Celtic to reach double figures was Lou Williams , who came off the bench for 17 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 5 FT ) , four rebounds and five assists . He 's had a nice stretch of four games , averaging 17 points , 4 rebounds and 5 assists over that span . Gary Harris chipped in with 17 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 5 FT ) and four rebounds as well . The Nuggets ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 108 - 104 , at American Airlines Center on Saturday . The Blazers ( 37 - 29 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to right some of the ills that had plagued them over their previous seven games , a stretch in which they 'd suffered five defeats . The Mavericks ( 22 - 30 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as Dallas forced the Blazers into an uncharacteristic nine turnovers , which allowed them to keep pace with the Trail Blazers ( 20 - 30 ) . The Blazers were led by Wesley Matthews , who tallied 27 points , and added six rebounds and three assists . Evan Turner was next on the team with 24 points , four rebounds , three assists and one steal . Damian Lillard followed with 13 points , six rebounds , six assists and one block . Al-Farouq Aminu supplied 14 points , eight boards and one assist . Al-Farouq Aminu and Mason Plumlee turned in matching nine - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , and the latter providing nine rebounds , two assists and one block . Al-Farouq Aminu was productive in a reserve role as well with 14 points , eight boards and one steal . The Mavericks head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Friday night , while the Trail Blazers remain home to face the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday evening as well .
The Miami Heat ( 3 - 0 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 2 - 1 ) 107 - 102 on Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Miami . After suffering a tough 99 - 92 loss in game number one on Monday , the Heat were able to bounce back with a convincing 12 - point victory in game two . The Heat got off to a really strong start , out - scoring the Raptors 31 - 26 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Heat shot 50 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Raptors shot 47 percent from the floor and only 25 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat were able to force the Celitcs into 10 turnovers , giving them an even greater advantage to take home the victory . The Heat had six players reach double figures in points in this one . Kyle Bosh led all scorers , going 7 - for - 11 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also handing out four assists . He 's been on a hot stretch of late , averaging 24 points and seven assists over his last three games . DeMare Deng was the only other member of the Raptors ' rotation to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 16 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and five rebounds in 28 minutes . The Heats ' next game will be on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Raptors will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 133 - 105 at Staples Center on Saturday . Both teams were shorthanded in the contest , however . The Pelicans ( 7 - 17 ) were without Anthony Davis ( rest ) , Jrue Holiday ( toe ) and E'Twaun Moore ( toe ) , making the game very one sided from the gate . The New Orleans reserves played physical basketball and found scoring lanes in the first half , falling just six points short of the Clippers ( 17 - 7 ) at the end of the second quarter . The second half was a different story , as Los Angeles outscored the Pelicans by 12 points in the third quarter and 10 points in the fourth quarter . Chris Paul dropped one of the biggest double - doubles of the season , racking up 20 points and 20 assists , with 18 of those assists coming in the first three quarters of action . Paul added five rebounds and three steals on 8 - of - 16 shooting in 30 minutes of action , which was even more helpful given Blake Davis 's ( knee ) absence . DeAndre Jordan worked the pick and roll with Paul to perfection , and with no Anthony Davis clogging the lane on the other end , Jordan found his way to 19 points and nine rebounds rather easily . Jamal Crawford and Marreese Speights added scoring help from the bench , as they finished with 22 points and 17 points , respectively . Tim Frazier led the Pelicans on the other end , scoring 20 points and adding 11 assists on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Buddy Hield drew 36 minutes and contributed 15 points on 2 - of - 5 shooting from behind the arc . Next up , the Pelicans play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Phoenix Suns , while the Clippers host the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Orlando Magic , 88 - 69 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday . The Pacers ( 5 - 6 ) were n't sure that they 'd have Paul George ( ankle ) available to help try to break a two - game losing streak until late in the afternoon , but he ultimately was able to suit up and share the co - lead in scoring among the starting five . He also helped spearhead a defensive effort that saw Indiana limit the Magic ( 4 - 7 ) to a 32 percent success rate from the field and a 20 percent tally from three - point range , while also holding them to a season - low point total . They also elicited a total of 14 turnovers from Orlando while turning the ball over just nine times in their own right . The key for the Pacers was their play in the two middle quarters , as they outscored the visitors by a 55 - 38 margin over the second and third periods . Orlando was paced by Evan Fournier , who supplied 14 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Elfrid Payton managed 12 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals , while Nikola Vucevic struggled through an uncharacteristic 1 - of - 10 effort from the field , an unsightly performance that he nevertheless managed to somewhat compensate for with 12 rebounds . Aaron Gordon was the only other Magic player to hit double digits in the scoring column , pacing the bench with 11 points , three boards and an assist . George and Monta Ellis each turned in 13 - point efforts , with the former posting six rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block , while the latter had a pair of rebounds and assists , to go along with a block . Thaddeus Young provided a solid complementary effort with 11 points , five rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block . Jeff Teague filled out the stat sheet with 11 points , eight rebounds , five assists , a steal and three blocks . C.J . Miles led the reserves with 16 points , four rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . The Magic head back home to await the New Orleans Pelicans for a Wednesday visit , while the Pacers have their own Wednesday home date with the Cleveland Cavaliers .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 8 - 7 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 9 - 6 ) 110 - 96 on Tuesday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . Despite being down 51 - 46 at halftime , the Grizzlies were able to out - score the Mavericks 36 - 24 in the third quarter , giving them enough of an edge to get the victory on the road in Dallas . The Grizzlies also out - shot the Mavericks 42 - 42 , giving them even more of an advantage , which may have been the difference in this one . The Grizzlies were led by the duo of Mike Conley and Marc Gasol . Conley went 8 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to finish with 21 points and six assists . He shot a combined 8 - for - 15 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , JaMychal Green went 5 - for - 7 from the field and 9 - for - 2 from the free throw line to score 13 points , while adding 10 rebounds in 28 minutes . It was a season - high in points for him and a nice surprise as he 's averaging only 14 points per game so far this season . Marc Gasol did n't have his best shooting performance , but still finished with 15 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 7 - 7 FT ) , 10 rebounds and two blocked shots . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Mavericks will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Wednesday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 123 - 107 , at Toyota Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams looking to vie for the eight - seed in the west , Houston prevailed with a big win . They took care of busines from start to finish , as the T'Wolves led for over 45 minutes of this game . Defense carried Houston , as they held Dallas to 41 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . The Rockets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Dallas , despite committing five less turnovers . The Mavericks ( 9 - 9 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . James Harden continued his great form , as he tallied 34 points , five rebounds and 11 assists on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Harrison Barnes was the only other Maverick in double figures , as he totaled 19 points , two rebounds and two assists . Dirk Nowitzki was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 13 points and seven rebounds . James Harden led the way for Dallas , as he accumulated 34 points , five rebounds and three assists . Wesley Matthews finished with 19 points , two rebounds and four assists . Dwight Powell recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 13 points and 2 rebounds . On deck for Dallas is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday .
The Denver Nuggets ( 15 - 20 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 5 - 28 ) 110 - 101 on Monday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . Despite a fierce comeback by the Timberwolves , who out - scored the Nuggets 58 - 48 in the second half , the Nuggets were able to hold them off and secure the victory in front of their home crowd . The Nuggets shot 55 percent from the field and 37 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves finished at 43 percent from the floor and 42 percent from deep . Along with the hot start , the Nuggets also secured a 41 - 42 rebounding advantage . Leading the way for the Nuggets was Gorgui Dieng , who went 8 - for - 12 from the field and 6 - for - 6 from the free throw line to score 22 points , while also adding 12 rebounds and three blocked shots . It was his fifth double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 23 points , 18 rebounds and two blocks per game . Shabazz Muhammad came off the bench and had 19 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) of his own , to go along with six rebounds . It was a new season - high in points for him and a nice bounce back game after posting at least 19 points . Mo Williams chipped in with 17 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt ) and seven assists as well . The Timberwolves ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 34 - 33 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 37 - 30 ) 84 - 85 on Wednesday . Anthony Davis had a special game , in which he led his team in all five major statistical categories . He had 20 points , 12 rebounds and three assists in 42 minutes . Davis scored a game - high 20 points and pulled down 12 rebounds for his league - leading 22nd double - double . Khris Gordon played 35 minutes in his return to the starting lineup . Despite the loss , Ersan Ilyasova had a solid game off the bench , scoring 11 points and 11 rebounds in 24 minutes . Up next , the Bucks will travel to Minnesota Wednesday to take on the Timberwolves , while the Pelicans will stay home Friday and play the Heat at their first game in one of their best season . The Pelicans will head to Milwaukee to face the Bucks on Wednesday , in what will be the second night of a back - to - back for both teams . The Bucks will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday to see their next best team . The Bucks will play the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday in their next game . The Bucks played extremely well here , but fell just short against a better team . The team was led by Anthony Davis , who tallied 20 points , 12 rebounds , four blocks and three steals in the win . They also got a nice performance from Zaza Pachulia , who has been fantastic since being re - inserted into the starting five . Evans snatched down 11 rebounds and dished out one assist in 36 minutes of play . The Pelicans were led by Anthony Davis , who tallied 20 points , 12 rebounds , four blocks and three steals in the win . They also got a nice performance from Zaza Pachulia , who has been fantastic since being re - inserted into the starting five . Antetokounmpo snatched down 11 rebounds , while scoring nine points in 24 minutes of action . The Bucks were led by Ersan Ilyasova , who tallied 15 points , eight rebounds and two steals in the win . This is what they need , as the frontcourt has been subpar all season . This is an exciting team to watch with their guard - play , but it 's not the recipe to win NBA games when they have yes heavy competition . The Bucks will look to build off this win when they take on the New York Knicks on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 14 - 5 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 8 - 10 ) 120 - 100 on Thursday . Los Angeles stopped their two - game losing streak with the win . Jamal Crawford paced the team with a game - high 21 points , while the Clippers shot just 55 percent from the field and 53 percent from beyond the arc as a team . They won the game at the foul line , going to the charity stripe 53 times to keep New Orleans within striking distance . The Clippers shot 55 percent from the field and 35 percent from beyond the arc . Blake Griffin led the way with a game - high 30 points , seven rebounds , five assists and two blocks in 30 minutes . Chris Paul scored 18 points , but failed to get many contributions from the bench . The Clippers will go on the road to face the Boston Celtics on Friday . New Orleans has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Pelicans will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Pelicans have the right guys to build a winning team around . Anthony Paul led the way for New Orleans is on Sunday , putting up a game - high 26 points to go with six rebounds and five assists . New Orleans will go on the road to face the Denver Nuggets on Saturday .
The Washington Wizards ( 19 - 19 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 22 - 18 ) 118 - 104 on Wednesday . The game was a testament to the perseverance and marksmanship of the visiting Pacers , who shook off a 27 - 27 first - quarter explosion by the Pacers that had the home crowd buzzing . Washington returned the favor by incredibly doubling up Indiana in the second period , 35 - 19 , on the strength of a barrage of three - pointers from Washington . The Pacers were led by Bradley Beal 's 22 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds and an assist . George Hill was right behind him with 19 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a steal . Monta Ellis , who 'd missed practice Wednesday with a personal issue , could only muster two points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . Lavoy Allen paced the Pacers ' reserves with a modest line of 15 points and three rebounds . Washington remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is currently four games behind the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head home for a showdown with the Golden State Warriors on Thursday . The Pacers were spearheaded by Paul George , who went for 21 points , five rebounds , seven assists , three steals and a block . Monta Ellis was next with 17 points , three rebounds , three assists and a block . Lavoy Allen continued to thrive in his starting opportunities in place of the ailing Ian Mahinmi , collecting 15 points and three rebounds on 6 - of - 8 shooting . The Wizards improved to 19 - 19 and are now in a third - place tie with the Orlando Magic in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home and await the Toronto Raptors for a Wednesday showdown .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the host Utah Jazz , 94 - 88 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . Despite there being just two ties and four lead changes , neither team led by more than 12 points . The Grizzlies did their most damage in the second quarter , winning that quarter , 30 - 11 . Memphis had one of their best shooting games of the season , hitting 46 percent from the field and 22 percent from three - point range . Memphis also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 42 - 45 . Gordon Hayward added another triple - double to his resume , collecting 18 points , 6 rebounds and 2 assists . Rudy Randolph led the team in scoring , totaling 25 points and eight rebounds on 9 - of - 5 from the field . Rudy Gobert recorded a 13 - point , 18 - rebound double - double , while adding four blocks to his tally . Gordon Hayward provided 18 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals . Shelvin Mack amassed 12 points , three rebounds and eight assists as the starting point guard . Memphis will host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday for their next game . The Grizzlies ( 37 - 24 ) are one of the best home teams in the league and comeback wins like this show just why . Zach Randolph led the way for Memphis , as he collected 25 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Rudy Randolph was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 13 points and 18 rebounds . Shelvin Mack was a huge spark off the bench , providing 12 points , five rebounds and four assists . The Grizzlies will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the scorching - hot Miami Heat .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 25 - 25 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 19 - 21 ) 108 - 98 on Tuesday night . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Washington , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . The fourth quarter is where the Blazers really turned it on , as they outscored the Wizards 14 to 22 . The Wizards actually dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 48 boards to the Wizards 35 . Washington has now had two dud performances in a row , which is quite concerning considering they appeared to be turning things around just last week . They had to play this game without Bradley Beal again , as he recovers from a facial injury and potential concussion . John Wall did all he could here , as he scored nine points and dished out 10 assists in a great game . John Wall also played well , as he accumulated 16 points , six assists and four rebounds in the victory . Washington is quietly having a great start to the season , but they 'll be happy to fly under - the - radar once again . Portland will travel to take on the Chicago Bulls in their next game on Saturday . The Blazers played extremely well here and were unfortunate not to come away with a win . No player on the Wizards cracked the 23 - point mark and the closest one was Damian Lillard , who had an awful shooting night . Lillard shot 7 - for - 16 from the field to accumulate 16 points , but he did flirt with a triple - double by collecting nine rebounds and six assists as well . His usage rate was well above 30 before this game and that number will probably go up after a performance like this . The best player on this night was Marcin Gortat though , as he had a career - high 16 points while coming away with a career - high 13 rebounds . The Wizards wo n't play again until Tuesday , when they take on the Charlotte Hornets on the road .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the New York Knicks , 116 - 105 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday . Russell Westbrook has been virtually unstoppable the majority of the season , but had been somewhat human the last three games after seeing a streak of seven consecutive triple - doubles snapped against the Celtics on Dec. 25 . However , matched up Saturday against one of the most porous defenses in the league , especially against point guards , the perennial All-Star exploded for 38 points , a career - high 12 assists and 14 rebounds , his 50th career triple - double . He added three steals and a block as well . His spectacular performance helped negate a remarkable effort on the other side from Carmelo Anthony , who broke out of some recent scoring doldrums in impressive fashion with a game - high 30 - points . The caliber of Westbrook 's production was such that it enabled the Thunder ( 32 - 25 ) to post a double - digit victory despite getting outshot by the Knicks ( 23 - 34 ) 47 to 48 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range . Four Thunder players drained multiple threes , and seven players shot 52 percent or better . The spectacular offensive performances allowed the home team to pull away in the fourth quarter after they entered the period with a 91 - 90 deficit . Carmelo Anthony paced the way for New York with a game - high 30 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists , two blocks and a steal . Rose was right behind him with 30 points , four rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . Kristaps Porzingis continued to serve as a highly effective wing man for Westbrook , posting a 38 - point , 7 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists and a trio of steals . Kristaps Porzingis continued to serve as a highly effective wing man for Westbrook , posting a 38 - point , 7 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists . Russell Westbrook filled out the stat sheet with 38 points , 12 assists , 14 rebounds , three steals and a block . Steven Adams registered 11 points , eight boards and a pair of blocks . The Knicks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again Sunday to face the Milwaukee Bucks .
Gordon Hayward poured in a season - high 30 points on efficient 13 - of - 23 shooting , to go along with two rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 37 minutes . Derrick Favors followed up with 20 points , nine rebounds and five assists , while Ben McLemore chipped in 15 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting , in 32 minutes off the bench . The only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz was Omri Casspi , who finished with 11 points on 3 - of - 9 shooting , including 0 - of - 1 from long range , to go along with three rebounds , in 25 minutes . Ramon Sessions was solid off the bench , going 3 - of - 2 on his way to 11 points , in 31 minutes . The Jazz were led by Gordon Hayward , who finished with 30 points on 13 - of - 23 shooting , including 3 - of - 8 from long range , in 37 minutes . Gordon Hayward followed up with 30 points , while the only other starter to hit double digits for the Kings was Omri Casspi , who chipped in 11 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , in 33 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double figures for the Kings , led by Derrick Favors who tallied 20 points , nine rebounds , five assists and three blocks , in 33 minutes . Omri Casspi chipped in 11 points , while also adding three rebounds , two steals and two assists , in 25 minutes .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 19 - 22 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 18 - 23 ) 124 - 119 on Wednesday . The contest between the two conference rivals turned in a pivotal third quarter that the Hornets won handily , 21 - 21 . Charlotte was able to maximize the value of their starting five , with each member of the first unit managing double - digit scoring . The Hornets were led by Trey Burke 's 25 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , two assists and a steal . His scoring haul included three three - pointers . Trey Burke was productive in a reserve role as well , posting 17 points , seven rebounds , a pair of blocks and a steal . The Hornets remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head back home to face off against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday night . Charlotte was led by Gordon Walker 's 36 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , nine assists , two steals and a block . Williams was next with 25 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Nicolas Batum was next with 10 points , four rebounds , four assists and a steal . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet nicely with a near double - double consisting of 10 points , nine rebounds , four assists , a steal and a block . The Jazz remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Saturday .
The Golden State Warriors ( 28 - 1 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 8 ) 89 - 83 on Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Golden State . After suffering a tough 99 - 92 loss in game number one on Monday , the Warriors were able to bounce back with a convincing 14 - point victory in game two . The Warriors got off to a really strong start , out - scoring the Cavaliers 28 - 19 right away in the first quarter . The Cavaliers did n't let off the gas either , as they never trailed in this game . Along with the quick start , the Warriors were also the superior shooters . They finished at 41 percent from the field and 28 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went 32 percent from the floor and just 17 percent from beyond the arc . The Warriors were also able to force the Cavaliers into 24 turnovers , while committing only 16 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Warriors were led by LeBron James , who nearly double - doubled with 25 points ( 10 - 26 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 9 FT ) , nine rebounds and two assists . He 's been on an absolute tear of late , scoring 19 points or more in three of his last four games , while averaging 18 points and 11 rebounds over that stretch . Klay Thompson finished with 13 points ( 4 - 15 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) of his own , but did n't do much else with only three rebounds and four assists . The only other Cavalier to reach double - digit points was Shaun Livingston , who came off the bench to score 16 points ( 8 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 0 - 0 FT ) while adding three rebounds and two assists in 27 minutes of action . It was a new season - high in points for him , while also marking his first double - double since his first game of the season back in November . Shaun Livingston was dialed in with his shot , going 8 - for - 9 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from beyond the three - point line to score 16 points , while also adding three rebounds . After a poor showing on Sunday , it was good to see him get back on track . Matthew Dellavedova chipped in with 10 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and five rebounds as well . Stephen Curry did everything he could to keep the Cavaliers in this game , going 6 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , to go along with nine rebounds and two steals . It was far - and - away his best game of the year so far , as it marked a new season - high in points , along with being his first double - double of the year . He 's averaging just 4 - for - 17 from the field and 0 - for - 5 from the three - point line over his last two games , so it was refreshing to
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 31 - 12 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 36 ) 101 - 83 on Sunday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and that ended up playing out on the floor in this matchup . The key for the Grizzlies was their defense , as they held the 76ers to 38 percent shooting and forced them to commit 23 turnovers . The Grizzlies have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Jeff Green was the hero , as he hit the game - winning three with less than a second to go . What won the game for the Grizzlies was the rebounding though , as they snatched down 47 boards to the Sixers 48 . The 76ers got some big production from their bench , as both teams shot over 33 percent from the field . They were led by Zach Randolph , who tallied 17 points , 14 rebounds and four assists in the defeat . The bench also played well , as Jerami Grant , Vince Carter and Vince Carter each scored 13 points a piece . On deck for the Grizzlies is a matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday . This was a one - game losing streak for the Sixers and that was simply too much to overcome . The Sixers have now won 16 of their last 13 games and are steadily moving up the Western Conference standings . They 'll have their biggest test of the season in their next game , when they take on the undefeated Golden State Warriors on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Dallas Mavericks 94 - 87 Tuesday at American Airlines Center . The Spurs ( 15 - 4 ) held a comfortable five - point lead heading into halftime before allowing superstar Kawhi Leonard and the Mavericks to come storming back and make it a competitive ball game . In the final minute of the game , Kawhi Leonard 's mid - range jumper broke a 96 - 96 tie and put San Antonio up two , but then , a 40 - foot three - point jumper to put the Spurs up by three with just under 23 seconds remaining . The Mavericks then owned the overtime period , where they outscored the Mavericks 21 - 21 . Wesley Matthews led the charge for the Spurs , scoring a game - high 26 points on 8 - of - 19 shooting from the field . His running mate in the backcourt , Kawhi Leonard , was not too far behind , scoring 21 points on top of seven rebounds and two steals . It was a poor shooting night all around for San Antonio , as the team shot 47 percent from the field and an impressive 58 percent from behind the arc . For the Mavericks , it was a night to forget , with only two other players score in double figures . Kawhi Leonard led the way , scoring 21 points to go along with seven rebounds and two assists . Patty Mills added 23 points , while Harrison Barnes and Seth Curry contributed 14 and 14 points , respectively . Deron Williams added nine assists , eight rebounds and three steals .
The Houston Rockets ( 5 - 0 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 3 - 1 ) 108 - 91 on Thursday at American Airlines Arena in Miami . With the score at 91 - 86 in favor of the Rockets going into the fourth quarter , it looked like a close finish was destined to be on its way . Instead , the Rockets were able to out - score the Heat 25 - 14 in the fourth quarter to steal the five - point victory on the road . The Rockets were the superior shooters in this game , going 52 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Heat went 42 percent from the floor and just 43 percent from beyond the arc . The Rockets were led by Dwight Howard who went 10 - for - 16 from the field and 6 - for - 11 from the free throw line to score a game - high of 26 points , while also adding 10 rebounds and 0 blocked shots . It was his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 30 points and 16 rebounds . Notching a double - double of his own , Trevor Ariza finished with 19 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and five rebounds in 40 minutes . It was his second game in a row in double figures , after not reaching more than six points in his last 11 games . The Heat also had a strong showing from their bench , as Dwyane Wade finished with 19 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and two steals . It was his second straight night posting 19 points , as he 's a combined 14 - of - 16 from the field over the last two games . Patrick Deng was the other starter to reach double - digit points , as he finished with 15 . The Rockets ' next game will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday , while the Heat will be at home against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 116 - 101 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Sunday . The Kings ( 6 - 9 ) came in to the contest short - handed , as both Rudy Gay ( hip ) and Omri Casspi ( illness ) were sidelined . That put the onus on DeMarcus Cousins even more than usual , and he did respond with a game - high 36 points , along with 11 rebounds and a pair of assists . He also drained a pair of key free throws with two seconds remaining . Sacramento added an impressive 47 percent success rate from the field , and a 43 percent tally from three - point range . Russell Westbrook posted a 31 - point , 11 - rebound , nine - assist triple - double that also included two steals , while Rudy Gay went for 17 points and nine boards . Steven Adams posted a 11 - point , 4 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and two blocks . The Kings were led by Darren Collison 's 21 points , which he supplemented with a rebound and an assist . Darren Collison provided 21 points , six assists and a rebound . Victor Oladipo contributed 18 points , six rebounds , two assists , two blocks and one steal . Enes Kanter was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , seven rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Kings head to San Antonio to take on the Spurs on Sunday evening , while the Kings remain home for a Wednesday night showdown with the Golden State Warriors .
The Phoenix Suns ( 34 - 32 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 49 ) 106 - 97 on Monday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . The Suns got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Timberwolves 25 - 18 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Suns used their three - point shooting to grab an advantage , going 25 percent from deep , while the Timberwolves went 44 percent from the floor and just eight percent from beyond the arc . The Suns also out - rebounded the Timberwolves 45 - 34 , giving them just enough of an advantage to come away with the win . The Suns were led by Markieff Morris , who went 10 - for - 15 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 24 points , while also adding three rebounds and two assists . He 's picked up his scoring of late with so many injuries affecting this team , as he 's averaging 10 points while shooting 45 percent from the field during his last three games . Eric Bledsoe did his best to keep the Timberwolves in this game , going 7 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also handing out nine assists . He 's now averaging 16 points per game on the season . Despite struggling with his shot , Eric Bledsoe had a huge game , scoring 18 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while adding nine assists and a pair of blocks . His points total was a new season - high for the guard . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Utah Jazz ( 1 - 1 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 2 ) 99 - 71 on Friday night . This was a mismatch on paper and that ended up being the case on Saturday . The Jazz dominated in nearly every category , as they recorded more rebounds , assists , blocks and steals than the Sixers . It was a relatively clean game played all - around though , as there were only 21 combined turnovers between both teams . It was a much closer game than expected and the credit has to go to this winless Sixers team to put in a strong effort night - after - night despite losing every single game . Luckily for Philadelphia , this will be the only time they 'll have to face the Jazz in Utah this season . This was probably the best performance from the Sixers all year , despite in a losing effort . They not only shot better than the Jazz , but nearly split the turnover battle ( 18 - 7 ) . They were led once again by rookie Derrick Favors , who tallied 20 points , 12 rebounds , and five blocks in the win . Derrick Favors also played well , as he amassed 20 points , 12 rebounds and seven assists . The bench was key too , with Alec Burks and Alec Burks leading the team with 15 points a piece . Jahlil Okafor had his best game of the season though , as he scored 10 points and grabbed six rebounds in the win . This now gives Utah 41 - straight wins in their home building . On deck for the Jazz is a matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 114 - 102 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . It 's rare to see Memphis dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here in this near wire - to - wire win for Oklahoma City . The Thunder actually led by 9 after the first quarter and never relinquished the lead from there . Shooting was the difference in the game , with the Thunder shooting 48 percent , while they held the Grizzlies to just 48 percent . The assist - to - turnover ratio was huge as well , with the Thunder recording 21 assists to 20 turnovers , while the Grizzlies committed 12 turnovers to just 21 assists . Russell Westbrook led the way for Oklahoma City , as he accumulated 38 points , 13 rebounds and 12 assists . Zach Randolph was second on the team , providing 16 points and eight rebounds off the bench . Marc Gasol was the only other Oklahoma City player in double figures , as he accumulated 31 points , four rebounds and eight assists . The Grizzlies will look to build off this win , as they host the Brooklyn Nets on Friday for their next game . The Thunder ( 29 - 22 ) have been dominant at home all season , with this win giving them their 23rd home victory of the year . Russell Westbrook was once again the catalyst , accumulating 38 points , 13 rebounds and 12 assists . Mike Conley led the team in scoring , as he amassed 18 points , two rebounds and two assists . Zach Randolph was second on the team , providing 16 points and eight rebounds on 6 - of - 14 shooting .
The Sacramento Kings were able to score a road victory Sunday over the Toronto Raptors , knocking off the defending Eastern Conference runner - ups 96 - 91 at the Air Canada Centre . Recent results would indicate an easy Raptors win , but that simply was n't the case . This game was tight throughout , as no team led by more than 11 points . Toronto actually led for a 30 - minute stretch in this game , but the Kings hung around and pulled out the upset win . The key for Sacramento was their defense , as they held Toronto to 36 percent shooting from the field and 23 percent shooting from three - point range . The Kings also dominated down low , limiting the Raptors to 30 paint points , while scoring 52 on their end . The Kings ( 3 - 5 ) have been struggling recently , so a road win like this may change their fortunes going forward . Rudy Gay was n't expected to suit up for this game with a rib injury , but ended up suiting up while scoring a team - high 23 points against his former squad . DeMarcus Cousins was second on the team in scoring , tallying 22 points to go with 15 rebounds , four assists and three blocks in the win . Ty Lawson scored just five points on 0 - of - 6 shooting , but handed out 11 dimes in the victory . Kosta Koufos and Arron Afflalo both scored in double figures for the first time this year as well . Sacramento will return to action on Tuesday , when they host the winless New Orleans Pelicans . Toronto ( 5 - 2 ) looked as dominant as anyone coming into this game , but left Sunday looking very beatable . DeMar DeRozan failed to reach 30 points for the first time all season , as he dropped 23 on 7 - of - 20 shooting in the loss . Kyle Lowry was the only other player with more than 10 points , finishing the contest with 15 points , 10 assists and four rebounds . Patrick Patterson was a nice spark off the bench , as he amassed six points , nine rebounds and two blocks . On deck for the Raptors is a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday .
It took a lot of big shots to get to overtime , as there were 11 ties in this OT thriller . Devin Booker tied the game twice in the final 22 seconds , as his 28 points were a career - high . Many of the statistics were lopsided , but the biggest differential was in the blocks department , as the Suns swatted away 15 shots to the Nets two . Phoenix also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , as they assisted on 25 made baskets with nine turnovers , while the Nets assisted on 25 buckets with 17 turnovers . The rebounding is what won the game for Brooklyn though , as they brought down 58 boards to the Suns 45 . The Suns shot 45 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The Suns ( 22 - 50 ) had to play this game without Eric Bledsoe and it really hurt them late when they needed a clutch basket . Brook Lopez did all he could for Phoenix , as he led the team with 19 points , six rebounds and three blocks . Tyler Ulis was the only other Phoenix player in double figures , as he accumulated 10 points , five rebounds and five assists off the bench . The Suns will look to play better on Sunday , when they host the New York Knicks for their next game . The Nets ( 15 - 56 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . Devin Booker was the player of the game , as he amassed 28 points , two rebounds and three assists on 9 - of - 26 shooting . Brook Lopez finished second on the team , totaling 19 points , six rebounds , two blocks and two blocks . Tyler Ulis and Alex Booker were the only other Suns players in double figures , as they scored 14 points a piece .
It took a lot of big shots to get to overtime , as there were seven ties in this OT thriller . Devin Booker tied the game twice in the final 26 seconds , as his 33 points were a career - high . Many of the statistics were lopsided , but the biggest differential was in the blocks department , as the Kings swatted away 16 shots to the Suns two . Sacramento also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Sacramento , while committing six less turnovers . The Kings ( 19 - 31 ) had a tough task here against a desperate Mavs team and they fell just short in this tight battle . DeMarcus Cousins did all he could for Sacramento , as he led the team with 34 points , 11 rebounds and two blocks . Eric Bledsoe finished second on the team , accumulating 20 points , six rebounds , four assists and three steals . Ben McLemore was a huge spark off the bench , scoring 18 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Tyson Chandler recorded a double - double , totaling seven points and 12 rebounds . Matt Barnes was the only other Kings player in double figures , providing 12 points , two rebounds and three assists . On deck for Sacramento is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday . The Suns ( 16 - 34 ) are now below .500 across their last 11 games , with this loss being the worst of the season . Devin Booker did all he could , as he scored a game - high 33 points on 11 - of - 24 shooting . DeMarcus Cousins was n't far behind , as he accumulated 22 points , 11 rebounds and three assists . Ty Lawson had one of his best games in a Pacer uniform , as he accumulated six points , 10 rebounds and four assists .
The Chicago Bulls ( 8 - 3 ) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers ( 5 - 4 ) 105 - 89 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . The Bulls were able to use a strong second - half where they out - scored the Clippers 53 - 30 to seal the victory in front of their home crowd . The Bulls shot 49 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Clippers finished at 44 percent from the floor and 30 percent from deep . This marked the fifth straight loss for the Clippers , as they look to improve their draft positioning for the 2015 NBA Draft . The Bulls got their biggest contribution from Crawford , as Jamal Crawford scored a team - high of 24 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) , while also adding two steals in 27 minutes . It was his second straight impressive performance , combining for 59 points , 17 rebounds and 10 assists over that span . Jamal Crawford was the only other starter to reach double figures in points , finishing with 19 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) in 27 minutes . The Heats ' next game will be on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Clippers will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday . The Bulls 's next game will be on the road against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday , while the Clippers will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday .
Mike Conley scored 13 of his game - high 32 points in the fourth quarter to seal the road win . Memphis also outrebounded Brooklyn by a 41 - 32 margin and outscored their hosts 30 - 13 in second - chance points . Conley supplemented his scoring with six assists , a rebound and a steal . Marc Gasol and Brook Gasol posted a pair of 17 - point efforts , with the former adding three rebounds and five assists , and the latter supplying three rebounds , one assist and three steals . Sean Kilpatrick led the second unit with 15 points , six boards , three assists and a steal . Mike Conley generated a full stat line of 32 points , six assists , one rebound and a steal . Marc Gasol contributed a 19 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included eight assists and a steal . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson matched Bogdanovic 's point total , and complemented it with four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Bojan Bogdanovic compiled 11 points , five assists and five rebounds , while JaMychal Green had a near double - double with 10 points , six boards and a block . Reggie Parsons led the bench with 14 points and five rebounds . Mike Parsons was productive in a reserve role as well , registering 32 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . The Grizzlies head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Friday night , while the Grizzlies head to the Windy City for a Saturday night showdown with the Chicago Bulls .
The Miami Heat defeated the Houston Rockets , 117 - 109 , at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday . These two teams totaled nine ties and 17 lead changes , as there was swing after swing in this tightly contested battle . Defense was key for Miami , as they held Houston to 41 percent from the field ( 34 - of - 83 ) and 33 percent from three - point range ( 15 - of - 39 ) . The Rockets were killed in the assist - to - turnover ratio , with Houston committing eight turnovers to 22 assists , while the Heat committed 16 turnovers to their 22 assists . The Heat ( 25 - 32 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . James Harden carried the load , as he tallied 38 points , 12 rebounds and 12 assists en route to a triple - double . Dion Waiters was second on the team , finishing with 23 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Hassan Whiteside totaled 23 points and 2 rebounds on 9 - of - 13 shooting . Tyler Johnson was huge off the bench , as he provided 16 points , seven rebounds and four assists . James Harden was the player of the game , accumulating 38 points , 12 rebounds and 12 assists on 10 - of - 21 shooting . Goran Dragic was n't far behind , tallying 21 points and five assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , as he totaled 23 points and 14 rebounds .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Detroit Pistons , 109 - 86 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . New Orleans was desperate for a win and this dominating victory inches them a little closer to the eight - seed in the west . They did all their damage in the first and fourth quarter , as they outscored Detroit , 62 - 34 . The Pistons had one of the worst shooting games of the season , as they went 40 - of - 103 from the field , 8 - of - 17 from the free - throw line and 3 - of - 23 from three - point range . The Pelicans shot well on their end , hitting 50 percent of their shots , while going 22 - of - 23 from the free - throw line . Defensive rebounding was decisive as well , with New Orleans winning that battle , 45 - 27 . The Pistons ( 29 - 32 ) had won three of four headed into this matchup , so this 23 - point loss is obviously disappointing . Jon Leuer led Detroit , as he collected 22 points , seven rebounds and three steals . Andre Drummond did get ejected , but still totaled 13 points and 17 rebounds , despite going 1 - of - 10 from the free - throw line . Tobias Harris led the bench with 15 points and six rebounds . The Pelicans ( 24 - 37 ) were 0 - 3 with DeMarcus Cousins and this marks their first win since the trade , despite the fact that Cousins was suspended for this matchup ( technicals ) . Anthony Davis carried the load , as he tallied 33 points , 14 rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 22 points , four rebounds and five assists . Dante Cunningham was a surprise , providing 16 points and five rebounds .
The Denver Nuggets ( 19 - 27 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 22 ) 93 - 85 on Wednesday at the Pepsi Center in New Orleans . The Nuggets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 28 - 17 in the first quarter alone . They were superior shooters in this game , going 46 percent from the field and 59 percent from the three - point line , while the Pelicans went 39 percent from the floor and 20 percent from beyond the arc . The Nuggets were led by Tyreke Evans , who went 11 - for - 22 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , while also adding six rebounds and two assists . He 's picked up his scoring of late with so many injuries affecting this team , as he 's averaging just 4 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a triple - double , Jusuf Nurkic finished with 15 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , nine rebounds and two steals . He 's now pushed his season averages to 9 points and 10 rebounds on the year . The other starter to reach double figures in points was Eric Gordon , who recorded 11 points ( 4 - 15 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds and six assists in 32 minutes . For the Pelicans , Anthony Davis did the bulk of the work offensively . He went 8 - for - 15 from the field and 8 - for - 10 from the free throw line to score 24 points , while also nearing a triple - double with nine rebounds and 2 assists . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 50 points and 22 rebounds over his last two games . Arron Afflalo continued to come off the bench since returning from injury . He shot 7 - for - 13 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 20 points in 39 minutes . Faried shot a brilliant 11 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 14 points in the Nuggets victory . He 's now averaging nine points and 1 rebounds on the season . Eric Gordon had a solid showing as well , finishing with 11 points ( 4 - 15 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and six assists . The Nuggets ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Pelicans will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The host Los Angeles Lakers handily defeated the Golden State Warriors on Friday , 117 - 97 . It was Lakers ( 3 - 3 ) coach Luke Walton 's first game against the Warriors since leaving the organization over the offseason . Walton coached the Warriors for the beginning of their historic 2015 - 16 regular season in place of an injured Steve Kerr , but later left to pursue the head coaching job in Los Angeles . Walton certainly got the best of his former team , as the Lakers were able to maintain their hefty halftime lead down the stretch . The team successfully capitalized on their size advantage , holding a 51 - 40 advantage in the rebounding column . Third-year forward Julius Randle led the team with 20 points and was a monster on the boards , pulling down 14 rebounds . The Lakers also saw success from the line , hitting over 90 percent of their free - throws . For the Warriors ( 4 - 2 ) , it was a tough night from beyond the arc . After showing dominant offensive flow on Thursday in a rout of the Thunder , the Warriors shot just 5 - for - 32 from three in Friday 's contest . This included 0 - for - 10 for Steph Curry , whose NBA-record streak of 157 games with a three - point make finally came to an end . The results were n't much better for Klay Thompson , who went just 1 - for - 10 . Kevin Durant , meanwhile , continued to perform with his new team , leading the game with 27 points . The Lakers will host the Suns on Sunday , while the Warriors will host the still - winless Pelicans on Monday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Phoenix Suns 133 - 102 at Toyota Center on Monday . Despite there being just five ties and six lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team grabbed a double - digit lead , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Rockets going 19 - of - 27 from the charity stripe , while the Suns could only go 19 - of - 28 . Fastbreak points was also a glaring difference , with the Rockets winning that battle , 55 - 20 . James Westrook did all he could for Phoenix , as he led the team with 40 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Devin Booker was second on the team , scoring 18 points and dishing out two assists . Alex Len recorded a double - double , amassing 13 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Phoenix will host the Denver Nuggets for their next game on Tuesday . The Suns ( 17 - 38 ) have been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . James Harden led the team in scoring , as he tallied 40 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Patrick Beverley was second on the team , as he totaled 14 points and five rebounds off the bench . Trevor Len recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 12 points and six rebounds . Leandro Barbosa was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 14 points and adding four assists .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 26 - 26 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 37 ) 121 - 103 at Moda Center on Sunday . Portland came into this game as a double - digit favorite and simply couldn’t hold off a bad Trail Blazers team . The key for Portland was their shooting , as they shot 51 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range , while the Lakers shot just 49 percent from the field and 41 percent from long distance . The biggest difference in the game was the play of the Blazers , as the Trail Blazers committed 18 turnovers to the Trail Blazers eight . Portland was playing their second game in as many days and took an unlikely deficit one to escape with a win . D'Angelo Russell had a nice game though , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds and two assists in the defeat . Mason Plumlee also played great , as he totaled 13 points , eight rebounds and three blocks in the defeat . The Lakers will look to get out of this rut on Wednesday in a much better matchup against the Orlando Magic . The Splash brothers really took it to the Blazers here in what was definitely a revenge game . C.J . McCollum led the team with 28 points , while also providing three rebounds , three assists and three blocks . No other player scored in double figures for the Lakers , as the other four starters combined for just 11 points . On deck for the Trail Blazers is a matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 6 - 5 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 10 ) 99 - 89 on Friday at the Palace of Auburn Hills . Collectively as a team , the Hawks shot extremely well tonight , going 48 percent from the field and 21 percent from the three - point line . They were able to put in a big third quarter , where they out - scored the Pistons 24 - 24 , which set them up to secure a 10 - point victory in front of their home fans . The Hawks also forced the Pistons into 12 turnovers , while committing just nine of their own . The Hawks were led by their duo of Jeff Teague and Jeff Teague . Teague went 9 - for - 15 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding six assists and two steals . He 's combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he continues to stay hot on the offensive side of the ball . Josh Smith came just shy of a triple - double , recording 16 points ( 0 - 12 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 10 FT ) , 12 rebounds and four assists . He 's now averaging 14 points and 6 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , D.J . Augustin had 14 points ( 4 - 17 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) of his own , but did n't do much else in the loss . Andre Drummond had 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) and 16 rebounds against his former team . The Pistons ' next game will be at home against the New York Knicks on Sunday , while the Pistons will travel to Oakland to play the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday .
The New York Knicks defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 107 - 103 , at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . These are two teams who will likely compete for a playoff spot in the east and this game had a playoff atmosphere to it . New York really turned it on late to pull out the comeback , as they outscored Portland , 26 - 22 in the fourth quarter . The key for New York was three point - shooting , as they went 15 - of - 23 , while holding the Trail Blazers to just 5 - of - 23 from long range . Defensive rebounding was a big advantage for the Knicks as well , winning that battle , 41 - 33 . While there were only five ties and six lead changes , neither team led by more than 7 as it was a competitive game throughout . Portland ( 8 - 8 ) have to play the Blazers in the second half of a back - to - back set and they were clearly tired in this loss . Damian Lillard was the star , as he scored a game - high 22 points to go along with five rebounds and six assists . Carmelo Lillard was n't far behind , as he tallied 22 points , five rebounds and six assists . Ed Davis was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and 10 rebounds . Maurice Harkless was the only other starter with more than four points , as he collected four points , three rebounds and two assists . Portland will look to build off this win on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The New York Knicks defeated the host Chicago Bulls 117 - 106 at United Center on Friday . Recent results from these teams would indicate a different outcome , but the Knicks showed some resiliency here on the road . New York actually led by 16 at times in the first quarter , before allowing the Bulls to take their first lead in the second quarter . The Knicks responded by recapturing the lead in the third and kept it for the entirety of the fourth quarter . New York shot 52 percent from the field and assisted on 31 of their 46 made baskets . They did that dominating the turnover differential as well , committing just five , while forcing 12 from the Bulls . The Knicks ( 2 - 3 ) got some great performance from their starters here , as all five scored at least 15 points . Kristaps Porzingis led the team , scoring 27 points to go along with his five boards . Carmelo Anthony was n't far behind , tallying 25 points , seven rebounds and four assists of his own . Joakim Noah and Derrick Rose both played great in their return to Chicago . Noah tallied 16 points , nine rebounds and four assists , while Rose finished with 15 points , seven rebounds and a season - high 11 assists . The Bulls ( 3 - 2 ) had a tough task here against some former Chicago players and they simply did n't play well enough to win . Dwyane Wade did all he could though , scoring a game - high 35 points on 12 - of - 20 shooting . He also provided 10 rebounds and hit five more three - pointers in the loss . Jimmy Butler was the only starter in double figures , dropping 26 points of his own . Nikola Mirotic was a nice spark off the bench , totaling 14 points and six boards . The Knicks return to action on Sunday when they host the Utah Jazz , while Chicago travels to Indiana on Saturday to play the Pacers .
The New York Knicks ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 0 - 1 ) 122 - 97 on Wednesday at the Madison Square Garden in Milwaukee . The Knicks caught fire real game in this one , out - scoring the Bucks 27 - 23 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Knicks shot the ball well , going 45 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 35 percent from the floor and a meager 50 percent from beyond the arc . Despite out - rebounding the Knicks 47 - 49 , they turned the ball over 18 times , which may have been the difference in this one . The Knicks were led by Derrick Williams , who went 8 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also adding seven rebounds and an assist . He 's been a scoring machine thus far this season , averaging 27 points over his first 10 games of the season . Kristaps Porzingis also did his best to keep the Bucks in this game . He went 6 - for - 17 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 16 points , to go along with five rebounds and a steal . He 's turned it on offensively of late , averaging 28 points over his last five games . Coming off the bench , Greivis Vasquez had a solid game . He went 5 - for - 10 from the field and 4 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 16 points , while adding four rebounds and three assists as well . The Knicks were led by Michael Carter-Williams , who went 6 - for - 17 from the field to score 20 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) while adding five rebounds and four assists in 34 minutes . He 's had a nice impact on the defensive side of the ball lately as well , recording two or more steals in four out of his last five games . Khris Middleton shot the ball well , going 4 - for - 10 from the field and 4 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 16 points . He had shot less than 50 percent in two out of his last three games , so it was good to see him get things turned back around . Coming off the bench , Langston Galloway added 16 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , four rebounds and three assists of his own . The Bucks ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Bucks will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 25 - 15 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 19 ) 106 - 103 on Monday at the Amway Center in Orlando . The Magic got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Magic did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 33 percent compared to the Magic , who went 39 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Raptors did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Magic into 15 turnovers , while committing just 15 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . Kyle Lowry had a very impressive performance , going 5 - for - 20 from the field to score 24 points , while also adding eight rebounds and six assists in just 45 minutes . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 30 points and 10 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 17 points and 11 rebounds on the year . Evan DeRozan was the other starter in double figures , as he posted 13 points ( 4 - 19 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 6 FT ) and four assists in 40 minutes . Since joining the Magic at the trade deadline , he 's averaged 6 points , 4 rebounds , 4 assists and 2 steals per game . DeMar DeRozan had a solid showing as well , going 8 - for - 11 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 13 points , while also adding three assists . He 's been on fire the last two games , combining to go 20 - for - 21 from the field and 5 - for - 2 from the three - point line over his last two games . He 's now averaging 15 points and 5 rebounds on the season . DeMar DeRozan really struggled with his shot , as he went 4 - for - 19 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to finish with 13 points . The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Magic will be at home against the Miami Heat on Friday .
The Chicago Bulls opened their season Thursday with a 105 - 99 victory against the visiting Boston Celtics . Chicago ( 10 ) jumped out to an early lead , finishing the first quarter with a 30 - 20 lead . The Bulls new - look backcourt of Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo quickly made contributions , with Wade scoring 14 points in the first half . The group managed to combat concerns about poor floor - spacing , with Wade and Rondo contributing five combined three - point makes . Chicago was able to keep the Celtics off the glass extremely effectively , winning the rebounding battle 55 - 36 . The Bulls ' edge was particularly pronounced on the offensive end , as they earned 18 offensive rebounds compared to Boston 's three . Boston ( 1 - 1 ) , meanwhile , managed to keep the game close throughout . All-Star point guard Isaiah Thomas led the charge for the Celtics ' offense , scoring 25 points . With bench guard Marcus Smart sidelined by injury , sophomore Terry Rozier saw 22 minutes coming off the bench . He made the most of his time on the floor , scoring eight points and recording four rebounds and four assists while recording no turnovers . Boston had a solid shooting night , converting on half of their shots from the floor overall . However , struggles on the glass ended up weighing the Celtics down despite keeping Chicago to just 43 percent shooting . The Bulls will face the Pacers on Saturday , while the Celtics will take on the Hornets . The Bulls will play host on Friday in Charlotte .
The Houston Rockets ( 32 - 14 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 30 - 17 ) 99 - 94 Saturday at the Toyota Center in Dallas . The Rockets came out strong in this one , out - scoring the Mavericks 24 - 25 right away in the first quarter . While they were n't able to make a run in the second quarter , the Rockets were n't able to hold off the late comeback , and secure a victory in front of their home fans . The Rockets were able to shoot 41 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks shot 43 percent from the floor and just 40 percent from beyond the arc . The Rockets were led by Monta Ellis , who went 14 - for - 23 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 33 points , while also adding four assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Rockets ' seven - game win streak . Harden on the other hand finished with 17 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , eight assists and four steals . He 's now averaging 16 points and 7 rebounds on the season . Rondo on the other hand had an efficient showing from the field , as he went 7 - for - 14 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 17 points . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 16 assists over those two games . Trevor Ariza had a solid showing as well , going 5 - for - 10 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 13 points , while adding two rebounds . The Rockets ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
Jimmy Butler led the way for Denver by pouring in 35 points on 11 - of - 20 shooing , while hitting 11 - of - 12 from the free throw line . Jamal Murray was the only other bright spot for the Bulls , as he led the team with 24 points , six rebounds and two assists , in 22 minutes off the bench . Rajon Rondo added 13 points , 11 rebounds , eight assists , one steal and one block , in 33 minutes . Jamal Murray chipped in 24 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting , in 22 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets were led by Jimmy Butler , who finished with 35 points , to go along with seven rebounds , five assists and two blocks , in 39 minutes . Dwyane Wade followed up with 22 points on 9 - of - 21 shooting , along with three rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 22 minutes . The Nuggets will look to get back on track as they play host to the Lakers on Monday . The Bulls ( 9 - 6 ) outscored the Bulls ( 9 - 6 ) by a margin of 31 - 34 in the paint , but it was n't enough to make up for the absence of the starters . Denver was led by Jamal Murray , who finished with 24 points , six rebounds , two assists and one block , in 22 minutes . Dwyane Wade finished with 22 points , three rebounds and two assists , while Dwyane Wade chipped in 22 points to go along with three rebounds and two assists .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 39 - 29 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 39 - 29 ) 109 - 106 on Sunday . A short - handed Heat squad surprised the Hornets in the first half , mounting a 57 - 54 lead by intermission despite missing Nikola Vucevic ( groin ) and the sharpshooting Josh Walker , who sat out the game with a wrist injury . However , the tenor of the contest significantly changed in a crucial third quarter , which Miami won going away , 28 - 21 . As has often been the case during Chris Bosh 's extended absence due to blood clots , the duo of Kemba Walker and Al Batum stepped up with a pair of 21 - point efforts . Williams also had seven rebounds , five assists , and two steals , while Richardson rounded out the starting five 's productive night with 18 points , four rebounds and an assist . Dragic led the Hornets with 21 points , seven assists and seven rebounds , his third double - double in the last four games . Josh Richardson followed with a near double - double of 18 points , nine rebounds , an assist and a block . Marvin Williams rounded things out for the first unit with 12 points , five boards and an assist . Marvin Williams paced the Heat with 12 points , five rebounds , an assist and two steals . Miami remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division and currently has a hold of the sixth seed in the conference as well . They 're home again against the Magic on Wednesday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 49 - 25 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 32 - 41 ) 119 - 106 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Boston . The Clippers were the superior shooters in this game , going 49 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics went just 42 percent from the floor and 26 percent from beyond the arc . The Clippers were able to force the Celtics into 21 turnovers , while only committing 12 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Clippers were led by J.J. Redick , who went 11 - for - 15 from the field and 5 - for - 6 from the 21 - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding five rebounds and three assists . He 's picked up his scoring of late with so many injuries affecting this team , as he 's averaging 10 points , 9 rebounds and 4 assists over his last five games . DeAndre Jordan was able to notch a double - double as he finished with 15 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 3 - 15 FT ) and 14 rebounds . He 's been filling up the stat sheet lately , combining for 22 points , 12 rebounds and 18 assists over his last two games . Tyler Zeller also had a solid game off the bench , with 16 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds in 21 minutes . The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Celtics will travel to New Orleans to play the Pelicans on Tuesday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Houston Rockets , 128 - 112 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . The Pelicans were expected to win this game easily , but it took a late run for them to prevail . In fact , the Pelicans went on a 29 - 13 run in a 21 - minute span between the third and fourth quarters to overcome a 13 - point deficit and eventually pull away . The game was relatively close up to that point though , as there were nine lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 13 points until the final five minutes . Houston really struggled with their shots , as they went just 41 percent from the field , 33 percent from three - point range and 78 percent from the free - throw line . Rebounding was also decisive , with the Pelicans winning that battle , 54 - 46 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 14 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Rockets ( 47 - 22 ) had a tough task here against a hot Rockets team , as they simply did n't have enough in the arsenal to win this game . Solomon Hill led the way for Houston , as he tallied 30 points , six rebounds , seven assists and three steals . Jrue Holiday accrued 19 points , four rebounds and six assists . Lou Williams and Eric Gordon were huge off the bench , as they combined for 41 points , six rebounds , six assists , two steals and three blocks . The Pelicans will host the Phoenix Suns on Friday for their next game . The Rockets ( 28 - 41 ) are slowly climbing back to .500 , as they 've now won three of their last four games . Solomon Hill was the player of the game , as he accumulated 30 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Anthony Davis was n't far behind , accumulating 24 points , four rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Jrue Holiday was the only other Pelican in double figures , as he collected 19 points , four rebounds and six assists off the bench . The Rockets will be in action again on Saturday , as they play the Utah Jazz on the road for their next game .
The Orlando Magic ( 16 - 38 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 32 - 20 ) 97 - 98 on Wednesday . The Magic came into this game as a rare road favorite and couldn’t muster up enough for a win . The key for Orlando was their rebounding , as they brought down 45 boards to the Bulls 35 . The Bulls also shot over 48 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range in their win . The Magic have been terrible in the second half , but they can still play spoiler to teams fighting for playoff positioning . Rookie Pau Gasol was the player of the game , as he tallied 25 points and 15 rebounds . Victor Oladipo finished second on the team , totaling 18 points and four rebounds . Derrick Rose made his return from a knee injury to accrue 18 points , four rebounds , six assists and two steals in the win . On deck for the Magic is a matchup against the Boston Celtics on Tuesday . The Sixers have been a much more competitive team recently and nearly pulled out a statement win against a potent Bulls team . Tobias Harris led the team with 15 points and went 6 - for - 17 from the field . Victor Oladipo also played well , as he amassed 18 points , six assists and four rebounds . Orlando has a tough task ahead of them , as they play the second half of a back - to - back against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday for their next game . Orlando is off until Wednesday , when they host the Milwaukee Bucks for their next fixture .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Chicago Bulls , 103 - 91 , at Spectrum Center on Friday night . The Bulls ( 14 - 15 ) checked in to Friday night on a downturn , as they 'd lost four of their last five . They were able to get off to a fast start , however , outscoring the host Hornets ( 17 - 13 ) by a 26 - 22 margin in the first quarter . Charlotte turned the table quickly in the second period , however , almost doubling up the visitors with a 26 - 14 advantage . Although the Bulls bounced back in the third , the Hornets were able to keep pace every step of the way throughout the second half , which resulted in their tenth home win of the season . While Chicago failed to find much scoring from their starting five outside of Jimmy Butler , Charlotte benefited from a balanced effort across their first unit . As customary , the effective backcourt duo of Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum led the way , as they supplied matching 20 - point contributions . Butler 's 26 points led the Bulls , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists and a block . Dwyane Wade was second , registering 12 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Taj Gibson supplied 10 points , three rebounds and a pair of blocks . Rajon Rondo mustered a modest seven points but also provided 10 assists , nine rebounds and two steals . Doug McDermott led the second unit with 15 points , while Nikola Mirotic managed an 11 - point , 10 - rebound double that also included a steal and a block in just 19 minutes off the bench . Walker added five rebounds , four assists and a steal to his co - leading point total , while Batum 's performance was a triple - double that also consisted of 11 rebounds , 10 assists , a steal and a block . Dwyane Wade was next with 20 points , four assists , five rebounds and a steal . Nikola Mirotic was next with a modest line of 12 points , nine rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . With the loss , the Bulls remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They remain home for a showdown with the Miami Heat on Wednesday .
It took a lot of big shots to get to overtime , as there were 10 ties in this OT thriller . Devin Booker tied the game twice in the final 14 seconds , as his 34 points were a career - high . Many of the statistics were lopsided , but the biggest differential was in the blocks department , as the Suns swatted away 18 shots to the Hawks two . Phoenix also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 50 - 51 . The Hawks ( 46 - 32 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Paul Millsap carried the load , as he tallied 13 points , 17 rebounds , eight assists and three steals . Paul Millsap went just 3 - of - 8 from the field , but finished with 13 points , 17 rebounds and eight assists . Ronnie Price led the bench in scoring , dropping 14 points and three rebounds . Mirza Teletovic was a huge spark off the bench , as he dropped 12 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals on 4 - of - 13 shooting . The Hawks ( 46 - 32 ) have now lost seven of their last eight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Devin Booker was the player of the game , as he accumulated 34 points , five rebounds and two assists . Al Horford finished with 16 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Kent Bazemore led the starters , dropping 17 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Tyson Len recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 10 points and 13 rebounds .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the visiting Brooklyn Nets , 129 - 109 at Target Center on Saturday evening . Karl-Anthony Towns imposed his will on this one , as he poured in a game - high 37 points to help the Timberwolves dominate , as they won every quarter on their way to the 20 - point win over the struggling Nets . The Timberwolves ( 18 - 29 ) shot 51 percent from the field , as all five starters scored in double digits to lead the way . Karl-Anthony Towns grabbed 13 rebounds and recorded four blocked shots , to go along with his game - high 37 points . Andrew Wiggins followed up with 23 points , while Zach LaVine chipped in 20 . Shabazz Muhammad came up big off the bench for Minnesota , as he finished with 18 points and seven rebounds . The Timberwolves will look to keep rolling , as they play host to the Magic on Monday . The Nets ( 9 - 38 ) outscored the T-Wolves 58 - 48 in the paint and 23 - 12 in fast - break points but were not able to compete as efficiently , as they shot 48 percent from the field , and 33 percent from deep , compared to the 45 percent the T-Wolves hit from deep . Brook Lopez was the high - point man for the Nets , with 25 points , to go along with seven rebounds . Three other players scored in double digits for Brooklyn , including Sean Kilpatrick , who added 14 points , in 25 minutes off the bench . The Nets will look to bounce back , as they visit Miami on Monday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Houston Rockets 121 - 94 at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . The Splash Brothers , Steph Harden and Klay Thompson , took care of business leading the Warriors ( 3 - 1 ) in a rout over the Rockets ( 1 - 3 ) at home . Golden State scored 77 points in the first half , and the Curry-Thompson combination each scored 26 points . Harden went on to knock down 2 - of - 4 three - pointers , while Harden scored 18 points , to go along with 10 assists in 40 minutes . Thompson led all scorers with 23 points , to go with two rebounds and five assists on 8 - of - 15 shooting , while Iguodala added 22 points on 3 - of - 11 shooting from behind the arc . James Harden rounded out the box score with another explosive performance , as the Warriors point guard finished with 18 points , 10 assists , seven rebounds and seven steals . James Harden added 18 points , seven rebounds and 10 assists on 4 - of - 13 shooting . Dwight Howard added a double - double with 19 points and 15 rebounds , while Michael Beasley contributed 17 points on 1 - of - 12 shooting from deep . As for the Rockets , the game was out of reach from midway through the second quarter , and the defensive effort and game play focuses on Harden and Iguodala . Andre Iguodala led the Rockets with 22 points off the bench , while Draymond Green pitched in an impressive 19 points and 15 rebounds . Harrison Barnes added 12 points , and Harrison Barnes finished with 12 .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 6 - 1 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 3 - 4 ) 101 - 97 on Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Cavaliers got out to a quick start in this matchup , out - scoring the Pacers 50 - 41 right away in the first half . The Cavaliers were the superior shooters in this game , going 46 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went just 43 percent from the floor and a meager 33 percent from beyond the arc . Despite being out - rebounded 47 - 48 , the Cavaliers forced the Pacers into 7 , while only committing 10 of their own . The Cavaliers were led by the duo of Paul George and Monta Ellis . George went 11 - for - 21 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 32 points , while also adding 11 rebounds , six assists and a block . It was a new season - high in points for him , along with a huge confidence boost , as he went scoreless just a game ago against the Miami Heat on Tuesday . Also coming off the bench , Mo Williams had a strong showing . In 38 minutes , he posted 14 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 0 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five assists , while Jarryd Williams recorded a double - double of his own with 10 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 0 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and 5 rebounds . The Cavaliers ' next game will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday , while the Pacers will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Houston Rockets notched their ninth straight win as they defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 122 - 100 , at Toyota Center on Friday night . The Rockets made history in a couple of different ways in this contest , beginning with their nine - game win streak , which is their longest win streak in eight years . They also sank an NBA-record 24 three - pointers , while James Harden passed Hakeem Olajuwon , to become the Rockets ' all time triple - double leader , as he notched his second straight triple - double , for the fifteenth of his career . Harden finished with 29 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , along with 13 assists and 11 rebounds , in 34 minutes . Meanwhile , Eric Gordon notched a season - high 29 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , including 7 - of - 12 from deep , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Rockets ( 20 - 7 ) shot 24 - of - 61 from long distance and tallied 27 assists in the game . They moved to 10 - 2 at home and will head out to Minnesota to take - on the Timberwolves on Saturday , for their second game in as many nights . The Pelicans ( 9 - 19 ) fell short on the second night of a back - to - back as they struggled shooting , going 41 percent from the field , 33 percent from long range and only 55 percent from the foul line . Anthony Davis scored 19 points before he was forced to leave the game in the third quarter with a leg contusion , and did not return . No player tallied more than 20 points for the Pelicans but five players scored in double figures , including Cheick Diallo who went 4 - of - 5 from the field , for 10 points , along with seven rebounds , in 22 minutes off the bench . The Pelicans fell to 3 - 10 on the road and will look to bounce back as they visit San Antonio on Sunday .
DeMarcus Cousins ' struggles in Tuesday 's game against the Kings were , in general terms , uncharacteristic of the All-Star center . However , when looking at Cousins ' history following a huge performance , it ends up not being too out of character . Cousins followed up Monday 's monster 46 - point , 18 - rebound performance with a bit of a dud , as he shot just 10 - of - 27 ( 53 percent ) from the field en route to scoring just 25 points . Going back as far as last season , in his last five games where he scored at least 42 points , Cousins followed up with a poor shooting performance the next game . Cousins never shot over 38 percent from the field in any of those five followups and shot as low as 5 - of - 25 ( 51 percent ) from the field . Then , in a game without Dwyane Wade and where his team needs him to come through once again , Parker lays an egg . The point guard went just 5 - of - 16 from the field and had no other only eight points in double figures . As for the Spurs , it was a fourth quarter to forget . More specifically , it was a fourth quarter to forget for the reigning two - time MVP DeMarcus Cousins . The center went 10 - of - 19 from the field and scored a team - high 25 points . He was able to get to the line six times and converting on eight of those attempts .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 97 - 90 , at FedEx Forum on Saturday . It 's rare to see Memphis dominated at home so badly , but that 's just how things have been going for the Grizzlies over recent weeks . This one was over early , as San Antonio took an 6 - point lead in the first quarter and led by double - digits for the entirety of the second half . It ended up being a wire - to - wire win for the Spurs as well . Defense was key for San Antonio , as they held Memphis to 44 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The Spurs also took advantage of the whistle , taking 18 more free - throw attempts than the Grizzlies . Memphis ( 40 - 32 ) had to play this game without Chandler ( Parsons ) and they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Spurs team . LaMarcus Aldridge did all he could for Memphis , as he led the team with 23 points and seven rebounds . Tony Parker was second on the team , as he scored 13 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting . Marc Gasol was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 13 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Patty Mills was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , four assists , two rebounds and two steals . San Antonio will look to keep rolling on Monday in a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 111 - 104 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . These are two teams on the outside looking in for the playoffs and the Pelicans were able to escape with a huge win to get them closer to that eight - seed . Despite Dallas leading by nine points after the first quarter , New Orleans took care of business from there by winning the other three quarters by at least four points . In fact , the Pelicans outscored the Mavericks , 49 - 48 , in the second half . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with New Orleans winning that battle , 41 - 32 . They also stifled Dallas with their defense , holding the Mavericks to 49 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks ( 9 - 22 ) are in a bit of a slump right now and they 'll hope this blowout loss is rock - bottom . Wesley Matthews led the team in scoring , as he tallied 24 points , two rebounds and nine assists . Deron Williams was second on the team , finishing with 24 points , two rebounds and nine assists . Dirk Nowitzki was the only other starter in double figures , as he collected 10 points and two rebounds . Jrue Williams led the bench in scoring , dropping 24 points , two rebounds and nine assists . Buddy Hield was the only bench player with more than four points , as he dropped 14 points on 6 - of - 8 shooting .
The Miami Heat ( 16 - 21 ) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers ( 25 - 13 ) 104 - 90 on Wednesday at American Airlines Arena in Los Angeles . The Heat came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Clippers 30 - 29 in the first quarter alone . The Clippers were the superior shooters , going 48 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Clippers went 45 percent from the floor and just 35 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat were able to force the Clippers into 13 turnovers , while only committing 12 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Heat were led by Chris Bosh , who went 13 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 34 points , to go along with seven rebounds and two assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Heat ' seven - game win streak . Paul on the other hand finished with 23 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and nine assists . It was his second straight night with 17 points , as he 's a combined 30 - of - 36 from the field over the last two games . Dwyane Wade also played a factor in the win , finishing with 17 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 9 FT ) , four rebounds and 10 assists . He 's picked up his scoring of late with so many injuries affecting this team , as he 's averaging 13 points while shooting 27 percent from the field during that stretch . Dwyane Wade also had a strong showing , posting 17 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 9 FT ) , four rebounds and 10 assists before fouling out . He 's now averaging 14 points and 2 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , J.J. Redick shot 6 - for - 10 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 14 points in 14 minutes . The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Phoenix Suns on Friday , while the Clippers will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Miami Heat 98 - 86 at Staples Center on Monday . The banged up Clippers ( 26 - 14 ) have gone through a brutal stretch of games , but erased a six game losing streak with a needed win at home . J.J. Reddick and DeAndre Whiteside led Los Angeles in a variety of ways and staved off a late Heat ( 11 - 28 ) rally . A tight knit first half saw Los Angeles start to pull away in midway through the second quarter , but Goran Dragic and Marreese Speights tied for Los Angeles with a pair of solid performances in the win column . Dragic led the Clippers with 24 points , to go along with seven rebounds , two assists and one block on 9 - of - 18 shooting . Chris Paul added 19 points , 18 assists and six steals and Chris Paul finished with 19 points , six rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks on 2 - of - 4 shooting . Marreese Speights got the start at shooting guard and finished with 19 points , four assists and one rebound in 14 minutes off the bench . The Clippers were led by J.J. Redick , who scored 25 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting , while Chris Paul almost hit a triple - double with 19 points , 18 assists and six rebounds , along with two steals and a block , and Marreese Speights and Marreese Speights each added 19 points off the bench . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Heat host the Orlando Magic , while the Clippers host the Detroit Pistons .
The Wizards ( 13 - 5 ) extended their winning streak to three games , defeating the Nuggets ( 9 - 10 ) 119 - 89 on Saturday night . Washington , which trailed by six at the end of the first quarter , pulled away in the second half , outscoring Denver 25 - 23 in the fourth period and 29 - 20 in the fourth . The Wizards shot a stellar 53 percent from the field and knocked down 15 - of - 26 three - point attempts . Washington the Wizards shot 53 percent from the field and 35 percent from deep . Denver 's offense was very efficient as well , as they shot 53 percent from the floor and an impressive 35 percent from three - point range . Kris Humphries led the Nuggets in scoring with a game - high 20 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 0 - 8 FT ) , along with four rebounds and one assist , in 26 minutes . Ty Lawson chipped in 14 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt ) , two assists , three rebounds and three steals , in 35 minutes . The Wizards shot a blistering 35 percent from the field and 35 percent from long range , as they cruised to victory . Wilson Chandler was the high - point man for the Nuggets , as he poured in 20 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , along with five rebounds and two steals , in 26 minutes off the bench . Marcin Gortat tallied 15 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) , five rebounds and 1 assists , in 26 minutes , while Marcin Gortat tallied a double - double with 15 points and 5 rebounds , along with two blocked shots , one steal and one block , in 26 minutes .
The Sacramento Kings ( 30 - 45 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 36 - 39 ) 120 - 111 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday . Sacramento started off strong , and jumped out to a 32 - 34 lead after the first quarter . They went on to win the remaining three quarters , continually building on their lead on their way to their third straight loss . However , Sacramento was able to pull away late in the fourth quarter and never looked back , outscoring the Wizards 28 - 28 in the final period . The Wizards were led by DeMarcus Cousins , who scored a game - high 29 points on 11 - of - 18 shooting , to go along with 10 rebounds , four assists and four steals in 32 minutes . DeMarcus Cousins led all scorers with 29 points , to go along with 10 rebounds and four assists on 11 - of - 18 shooting , while also pulling down 10 boards . Otto Porter added 20 points , while Otto Casspi added 15 points and eight boards . The Kings shot 48 percent from the field and knocked down 11 - of - 21 three - point attempts . The Wizards , meanwhile , had a solid offensive showing but simply could not stop the Thunder’s big three . Bradley Beal ( 24 points ) and Darren Collison ( 13 ) were the only other players to score in double figures for the Wizards . Otto Porter added 13 points , eight rebounds and two assists , while Darren Collison chipped in 13 points in 31 minutes . Next up , the Wizards play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday , while the Kings host the Jazz on Monday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder 108 - 94 Tuesday at AT & T Center . The Spurs avoided suffering from their first three - game losing streak in almost a year in pretty dominant fashion , as they opened with a big opening period and adopted a bend - but - don't - break mentality the rest of the way . San Antonio was carried by a pair of stellar performances from their stars in the frontcourt , with Kawhi Leonard and LaMarcus Aldridge shining from start to finish . Leonard finished with a game - high 36 points on top of eight rebounds and four assists , while LaMarcus Aldridge shot 8 - of - 15 from the field en route to scoring 25 points and grabbing six rebounds of his own . With the pair accounting for over half of the Spurs ' points Tuesday night , no other San Antonio players managed to score in double figures , but six managed to score at least six points . For the Thunder , they could n't overcome a slow start to the game and one of their poorest shooting performances of the season . Overall as a team , Oklahoma City shot just 35 percent from the field and 25 percent from beyond the arc . Russell Westbrook managed to lead the way with a team - high 27 points on top of 14 assists and six rebounds , while the starting frontcourt of Steven Adams and Domantas Sabonis each recorded their own double - doubles , combining for 29 points and 22 rebounds . The Thunder have now dropped two straight against two of the NBA 's best teams by a combined 30 points . Up next , the Spurs will remain home Thursday to take on the 76ers , while the Thunder will head home Wednesday and play the Bulls .
Kevin Durant led the way for a Golden State squad missing Draymond Green , posting a near double - double consisting of 28 points and five rebounds . Klay Thompson was second with 28 points . Stephen Curry had one of his poorer shooting nights , going for only 20 points ( 7 - 21 FG , 1 - 11 3Pt ) but adding five assists , five rebounds and a steal . Draymond Green filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , eight rebounds , five assists , three steals and two blocks . Matthew Dellavedova registered 10 points , five assists , three rebounds and one steal in 34 minutes . Draymond Green posted a 4 - point , 5 - assist double - double , and Andre Pachulia added 10 points , four assists , one steal and one block . Michael Beasley paced the bench with 9 points , three rebounds , three assists and one steal . John Henson provided 7 points , six rebounds and one assist in 18 minutes . Antetokounmpo added six rebounds , five assists , two steals and one block to his aforementioned scoring total . Curry complemented his scoring total with five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Stephen Curry produced a near double - double with 20 points , five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Draymond Green was next with a 10 - point , 2 - assist double - double that also included two rebounds , three blocks and one steal . The Bucks continue on their road trip , with their next stop being the Nation 's Capital for a Wednesday night tussle with the Washington Wizards . The Warriors remain home to tangle with the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday evening as well .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 46 - 27 ) beat the Boston Celtics ( 43 - 31 ) 114 - 90 on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and that ended up playing out on the floor in this matchup . The key for the Clippers was their defense , as they held the Celtics to 35 percent shooting and forced them to commit 16 turnovers . The assisting margin was huge as well , with LA recording 29 assists to the Celtics 14 . Los Angeles came into this game as a huge favorite and were lucky to escape with a win . Isaiah Thomas led the team , as he tallied 24 points and two assists in the defeat . DeAndre Jordan was the only other player who scored more than 13 , as he totaled 15 points , 13 rebounds , three blocks and two steals . The Clippers have a quick turnaround , as they play the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday in their next matchup . The Clippers continue to surprise and these sort of wins are a credit to their resiliency and grittiness . Isaiah Thomas played one of the best games of his career thus , as he scored 24 points and grabbed four steals in the win . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points and 13 rebounds . Up next for the Clippers is a matchup with the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday . The struggles continue for Boston and these sort of games have been far too common . Chris Pierce had another great game , as he tallied 13 points , four rebounds and two assists in the defeat . DeAndre Jordan also played well , as he totaled 15 points and 13 rebounds in the defeat . The Celtics ' next game will be on Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 21 - 10 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 31 ) 122 - 112 on Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . This marked a big win for the Thunder , as they passed up the New Orleans Pelicans for the eighth and final projected seed in the Western Conference standings . The Pelicans are just a half game behind them though , with the Suns trailing by just three games as well , so it 'll remain a fight for the last seed all the way until the end of the regular season in the West . The Nuggets , on the other hand , are currently in the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference standings . They 're even with the Indiana Pacers , but hold the tie breaker , so they remain ahead of them for now . The Nuggets are also just a game behind the Miami Heat for the seventh spot . With both Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka out due to injury , Russell Westbrook continued to put on a show . He did n't have the best night shooting the ball ( 11 - 18 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) , but he went 11 - for - 18 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from beyond the arc to score 30 points . He was able to get to the line a wopping 1 - of - 6 from the free throw line , but still finished with 30 points and nine rebounds . He 's now averaging 13 points and 5 rebounds on the year . The Thunder on the other hand received most of their production from the trio of Kevin Durant , Serge Ibaka and Gary Harris . Barton finished with 19 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and five rebounds , while Nelson added 15 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) and five rebounds . With only three minutes left in Monday 's game , it was a nice bounce back game for him . The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday , while the Nuggets will travel to San Antonio to play the Spurs on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 27 - 38 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 52 ) 122 - 106 on Wednesday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . The Nets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nets 33 - 29 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Nets also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 58 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went 47 percent from the floor and 60 percent from beyond the arc . The Nets were led by the duo of Kevin Martin and Joe Bogdanovic . Martin went 7 - for - 16 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 23 points , while also adding three rebounds and two blocked shots . The double - double marked his second over his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 32 points and 14 rebounds . Notching a double - double of his own , Lopez finished with 16 points ( 7 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 FT ) , eight rebounds and a steal in just 22 minutes . It was his first time reaching double - digit points in his last nine games , while the double - double was his first since the middle of January , so it was good to see him get things pointed back in the right direction Wednesday . Coming off the bench , Jarrett Jack shot 6 - for - 10 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 16 points . It was his second strong performance in a row , as he 's combined for 51 points and 10 assists over his last two . The only other Timberwolve to reach double figures in points was Gorgui Dieng , who scored 11 points and grabbed five rebounds . The Nets ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 100 - 93 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday . More often than not , the trio of LeBron James , Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving are essentially enough to overcome most opponents . It was a different story Sunday , however , as veteran Channing Frye actually led the way with a season - high 20 - point effort in 25 minutes off the bench . The aforementioned starters were n't necessarily underwhelming , as they combined for 55 points , including four total three - pointers from Love and James . Defense was also undeniably a factor , as Cleveland ( 8 - 1 ) held the Hornets ( 6 - 3 ) to 38 percent success rates from both the field and three - point range . The Hornets were led by Kemba Walker , who tallied 21 points , four assists , three rebounds and a steal . Marvin Williams posted 16 points , six rebounds and two assists . Nicolas Batum managed a near double - double with 15 points , nine boards , seven assists , two steals and a block . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist did get there , supplying 11 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and a steal . Frye added three rebounds and three blocks to his team - high scoring total . A pair of 19 - point efforts from James and Irving paced the starting five , with the former also filling out the stat sheet with eight rebounds , eight assists , a steal and a block and the latter dishing out four assists , posting three rebounds and recording a steal . Love was strong as well , pouring in 17 points and bringing in 11 rebounds , four assists and a steal . Tristan Thompson mustered a modest four points , but did bring in 12 rebounds . The Hornets move on to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Tuesday night , while the Cavaliers remain home to take on the Raptors on Monday evening as well .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Charlotte Hornets 105 - 90 at Spectrum Center on Monday . The Grizzlies ( 9 - 5 ) pulled out their fifth straight win behind a strong effort from Mike Conley . The floor general for the Grizzlies was an all around force from end - to - end , especially after losing James Ennis ( calf ) . The calf injury flared up after returning to the lineup on Monday , and is another blow to the front court for Memphis given Chandler Parsons ( bruised left knee ) inability to play for roughly two more weeks . Memphis controlled the pace of the game from start to finish and never let the Hornets ( 8 - 5 ) get close enough to make it a game . The game got blow fully open after Conley buried a 27 - foot three point shot to take a 69 - 45 lead with just a few seconds left in the third quarter . The Grizzlies point guard finished with 31 points , four rebounds , two assists and three steals on 11 - of - 21 shooting . JaMychal Green had a great performance in the starting lineup with 12 points , eight rebounds and an assist on 4 - of - 4 shooting in 31 minutes . Kemba Walker led the starting lineup in scoring for the Hornets , but failed to provide enough to get his team back in the game after contributing 17 points and two assists . Charlotte got strong productivity from the bench , where Frank Kaminsky dropped 23 points on 11 shots in 20 minutes , while Spencer Hawes added 14 points and 10 rebounds . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Hornets host the San Antonio Spurs , while the Grizzlies head to Philadelphia to take on the 76ers .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Utah Jazz , 88 - 79 , at FedEx Forum on Thursday . The Grizzlies ( 24 - 16 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but they did a fine job lighting up the scoreboard on Saturday as well after falling behind early . All five members of their first unit tallied double digits in the scoring column , and Marc Gasol and Marc Gasol led the way with a pair of 17 - point efforts . Gasol also supplied four rebounds , an assist and three steals , while the latter supplied a 13 - point , 11 - rebound effort . Mike Hill provided 15 points , four rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . Trey Lyles led the bench with nine points and two rebounds . Marc Gasol 's 17 points paced the Grizzlies , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , an assist and three steals . George posted a 19 - point , 4 - rebound double - double that also included nine assists , a steal and a block . Zach Randolph totaled 13 points , 11 rebounds , an assist and three steals . Trey Lyles was productive off the bench as well , supplying 11 points , two rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Grizzlies head back home to tangle with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday afternoon , while the Grizzlies head to the Windy City for a Tuesday night date with the Houston Rockets . They also return to the Big Apple to tangle with the Brooklyn Nets on Monday night .
The Miami Heat ( 14 - 16 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 17 - 11 ) 101 - 91 on Sunday . Miami has won two straight , and they earned Saturday 's win without several of their frontcourt players . Brook Lopez remains out indefinitely with a lower back injury , while Mike Deng sat out a second straight game with a knee injury . Kyrie Irving paced the Heat with 25 points and three assists in 37 minutes . Dion Waiters had his best game since returning from injury . He finished with 25 points and three assists in 42 minutes . Cleveland shot a woeful 44 percent from the field and 23 percent from beyond the arc . They lost the first three quarters of the game , thoroughly taking their drubbing from the Heat . Kevin Love returned from a two - game absence due to knee soreness and played well , finishing with 14 points , three assists , three steals and one block in 29 minutes . The Cavaliers will return home to host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday . Cleveland has dropped two straight games . They could n't buy a shot from downtown Wednesday as they shot 23 percent from beyond the arc . Dwyane Wade put up a vintage performance , scoring 31 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting . Kevin Love contributed 14 points , five rebounds and three assists in 39 minutes . The Heat will go on the road to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday , while the Heat will travel to Boston to face the Celtics on Friday .
The Orlando Magic ( 28 - 36 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 39 ) 107 - 100 on Sunday at the Amway Center in Sacramento . The Magic got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Magic did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 27 percent compared to the Kings , who went 32 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Magic did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Kings into 17 turnovers , while committing just 19 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . DeMarcus Cousins did everything he could to keep the Kings in this game . He went 7 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 16 points , while also adding five rebounds and 14 assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Magic ' seven - game win streak . Oladipo on the other hand went 6 - for - 14 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding five assists . He 's now averaging 12 points and 3 rebounds on the year . The only other starter to reach double - digit points was Rudy Gay , who had 12 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and six rebounds in 21 minutes . The Magic 's next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Kings will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 44 - 17 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 38 - 26 ) in overtime , 120 - 103 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Wednesday . Kevin Love has struggled to find his place the Cavaliers ' offense so far this season , but he was the key cog for them Saturday as he put up 28 points and 11 rebounds in 36 minutes . Anderson Varejao sat out the game with a rib contusion . Jared Sullinger earned his second double - double of the season , putting up 17 points and 13 rebounds in 31 minutes . The Cavaliers shot 51 percent from the field and 33 percent from beyond the arc to secure the win . They 'll host the Orlando Magic on Monday . Boston has lost two straight games . They shot a woeful 46 percent from the field and 44 percent from beyond the arc . They were out - rebounded by the Cavaliers 47 - 37 , but they were able to overcome their deficiencies on the boards to grab the win . The Cavaliers begin a three - game road trip in Charlotte on Monday against the Hornets . Boston has dropped seven straight games and appear to be in a tailspin , but that could correct itself as they embark on an Eastern Conference road trip this week that could allow them to get back in the win column . While the Celtics have preached patience , questions about whether or not the pieces they have can fit together have already been getting tossed around liberally in NBA circles . Cleveland will go on the road to play the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 7 - 5 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 9 ) 88 - 86 on Sunday at the TD Garden in Detroit . The Suns got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Pistons 21 - 19 in the first quarter alone . The Suns were the superior shooters , going 49 percent from the field and 27 percent from the three - point line , while the Pistons went just 38 percent from the floor and a meager 28 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Suns also secured a 41 - 43 rebounding advantage . The Suns were led by the duo of Eric Bledsoe and Brandon Jennings . Bledsoe went 6 - for - 11 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding six rebounds as well . He 's now pushed his season averages to 21 points and 6 rebounds per game . Bledsoe on the other hand recorded 18 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 6 - 9 FT ) of his own , to go along with six rebounds and four assists . He 's now averaging 17 points and 6 rebounds on the year . Eric Bledsoe was the other player to score 12 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 0 - 9 3Pt , 6 - 9 FT ) , while also adding six rebounds and four assists . He continues to be very consistent , as he 's averaged 19 points and 7 rebounds over his last three games . Monroe received some help from P.J . Tucker , who added 16 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and seven rebounds . Like Drummond , he 's playing at a very high rate , averaging 23 points over his last three games . Both Goran Dragic and PJ Tucker reached double figures as well with 15 and 16 points respectively . The Pistons ' next game will be on the road against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday , while the Pistons will travel to Indiana to play the Pacers on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 48 - 25 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 38 - 37 ) 109 - 86 on Sunday at the Moda Center in Phoenix . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this game , out - scoring the Suns 31 - 22 in the first quarter alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went just 44 percent from the floor and 19 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers also received a huge contribution from their bench , as Arron Afflalo finished with a team - high of 16 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while also adding two steals in 26 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 29 points and 25 rebounds over those two games . He 's now averaging 14 points and 6 rebounds on the season . Nicolas Batum was the only other Blazer to reach double - digit points with 16 . He also had five rebounds and five assists , while playing 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line over the last two games . Arron Afflalo was the other big contributor in the starting lineup . He went 6 - for - 11 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 16 points in 26 minutes . He 's now averaging 12 points and 6 rebounds on the year . The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday , while the Suns will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Washington Wizards ( 7 - 3 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 9 - 3 ) 102 - 105 on Saturday . Washington has won four straight games . Monta Ellis led the way for the Wizards , finishing with a team - high 21 points in 48 minutes . John Nowitzki played a big game in front of his hometown fans with a 17 - point , 4 - rebound performance . John Wall has been dealing with a sore calf as well as a wrist injury he suffered over the weekend . He too was able to play . Beal scored 21 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting from the field . Bradley Beal and Chandler Parsons each scored 11 points in the Wizards ' victory . Tyson Chandler was able to play despite his absence , finishing with a double - double of 11 points and 6 rebounds . The Wizards return home to host the New York Knicks on Wednesday . Dallas has been trading wins for loses from game to game , going 4 - 12 over their last 12 games . After missing the last 34 games rehabbing a shoulder injury , Jameer Nelson was cleared to return to action and put up a team - high 34 points in 37 minutes . Washington will embark on a three - game road trip that begins in New York on Sunday against the Knicks . Dallas had their two - game win streak snapped with the loss . Playing on the second night of a back - to - back , the Mavericks did n't seem to have enough spring left in their legs , as they shot just 42 percent from the field and were out - rebounded 42 - 44 , giving up 12 turnovers in the loss . They will look to bounce back on its home floor on Thursday .
The Boston Celtics ( 2 - 2 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 2 - 2 ) 104 - 95 on Monday at TD Garden in Atlanta . The Celtics struggled from the field , shooting a paltry 37 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks finished at 37 percent from the floor and just 29 percent from deep . The Celtics also out - rebounded the Hawks 52 - 49 , giving them just enough of an advantage to coast to the victory . The Celtics were led by Isaiah Thomas , who went 11 - for - 23 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding six assists . He temporarily left the game in the first quarter after straining his hamstring , but he came back in the second and played through the injury to bring the Celtics to a huge win . Paul went 19 - for - 31 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 45 points , to go along with six rebounds and six assists . It was far - and - away his best game of the season so far , as it marked a new season - high in points for him . Marcus Smart had a strong showing as well , going 7 - for - 19 from the field and 1 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 20 points in 42 minutes . It was a season - high in points for Smart , who had n't reached the 50 - point mark yet this season . Jeff Turner also had a solid showing , finishing with 17 points ( 7 - 19 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , seven rebounds and six assists . It was his second straight game with 18 points , as he 's a combined 17 - of - 33 from the field over the last two games . Jeff Teague chipped in with 13 points ( 4 - 17 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and five assists as well . The Celtics ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Golden State Warriors ( 56 - 6 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 27 - 35 ) 119 - 113 on Wednesday at Oracle Arena in Oakland . The Warriors got off to an extremely fast start in this game , out - scoring the Magic 50 - 41 in the first half alone . The Warriors were the superior shooters in this game , going 50 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Magic went 44 percent from the floor and just 24 percent from beyond the arc . The Warriors were also able to force the Magic into 36 turnovers , while committing only 24 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . The Warriors were led by Stephen Curry , who went 14 - for - 24 from the field and 7 - for - 13 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 41 points , while also adding 13 rebounds , three assists and four steals . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 28 points and 24 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 15 points and 16 rebounds on the season . Victor Oladipo was another player with a solid showing . He did n't have his best shooting performance on the season ( 8 - 16 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 6 - 3 FT ) , but he still finished with 19 points , as he was able to get to the free throw line at a high rate . In the two games since returning from the All-Star break , he 's combined for 35 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Draymond Green struggled with his shot , but still finished with 1 - for - 3 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line for a team - high of 1 points , to go along with nine rebounds and three blocked shots . It marked his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 6 points and 7 rebounds per game . Coming off the bench , Jason Smith had 13 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and two rebounds in 23 minutes . Coming off the bench , Jason Smith had 13 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and two rebounds in 23 minutes . The Magic 's next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Friday , while the Magic will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 26 - 23 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 37 ) 105 - 100 on Monday . The game featured a showdown between two of the more offensive - minded centers in the NBA , Brook Drummond and Brook Lopez . The two big men did not disappoint , with each tallying or equaling the highest score on their respective teams . However , the frontcourt undercard was n't bad either , as Thaddeus Young and Ersan Ilyasova waged a fascinating battle of their own down low . When all was said and done , the Detroit tandem was able to claim victory , as the Pistons outscored the Nets 39 - 18 in the second quarter , which included a pair of nine - point efforts from Andre Drummond . Detroit proved too much for Brooklyn to handle the other two the first half , and finished the game with a 35 - point explosion over the third quarter . The Nets were led by Andre Drummond , who posted a game - high 27 points , along with five rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal . Reggie Jackson was right behind him with a 19 - point , six - assist double - double that also included three rebounds and a pair of blocks . Reggie Jackson was right behind him with 19 points , six assists and three rebounds . Ersan Ilyasova contributed 16 points , six rebounds , two assists and a pair of steals . Marcus Morris contributed 12 points , three rebounds , an assist and a block . Wayne Ellington paced the Detroit bench with 11 points and three rebounds . Detroit remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Saturday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 15 - 2 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 9 - 8 ) 97 - 85 on Tuesday . Memphis has won two straight , and they earned Saturday 's win without several of their frontcourt players . Brook Lopez remains out indefinitely with a lower back injury , while Derrick Williams returned from a one - game absence due to a hip injury . He put up 13 points and three rebounds in 29 minutes Tuesday . Omri Casspi ( knee ) sat out Friday , and Tony Allen took over the starting point guard role , finishing with 13 points and seven assists in 38 minutes . Marc Gasol scored a team - high 18 points and also had six rebounds and five assists in 31 minutes . The Grizzlies will return home to host the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday . Sacramento has lost four straight games . They 've won nine of their last nine games . Starting center Omri Casspi returned to action and finished with a double - double of 22 points and 12 rebounds in 34 minutes . Jason Thompson moved into the starting lineup in place of Ryan Thompson . Hollins started at point guard and put up 18 points and two rebounds in 41 minutes . Memphis will embark on a four - game road trip that begins in San Antonio on Friday against the Spurs . Sacramento will continue their road trip in Dallas on Wednesday against the Celtics . Sacramento has dropped two straight but have won four of their last six games . Isaiah Thomas sat out a second straight game with an ankle bruise . They had just one starter finish in double digits , but four bench players were able to crack the threshold . They 'll return home to host the Orlando Magic on Sunday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 51 - 26 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 28 - 49 ) 107 - 92 on Monday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Clippers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 29 - 15 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Clippers also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 43 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets went 38 percent from the floor and a meager 27 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Clippers also secured a 47 - 44 rebounding advantage . The Clippers had all five starters reach double figures in points . Chris Paul led the way , going 6 - for - 10 from the field and 4 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 23 points , while also adding three assists and two blocked shots . It was a season - high in points for him and J.J. Reddick , who added 25 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and 13 rebounds . He 's now averaging 12 points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Randy Foye had 14 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) of his own . The Clippers ' next game will be at home against the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host New York Knicks , 131 - 123 , at Madison Square Garden on Friday . Defense has been optional for these teams all season and the 254 combined points in this game show just where their priorities are . Denver really took control in the third quarter , outscoring New York , 36 - 22 , and never relinquishing the lead from there . Both offenses were scoring at ease , with both teams shooting over 55 percent from the field . The Nuggets feasted down low , as they won the rebounding differential , 44 - 33 , and outscored the Knicks , 68 - 52 , in the paint . The Nuggets ( 24 - 29 ) have been one of the best offenses in the league this season and this 131 - point outing shows just how efficient they can be . Nikola Jokic was the player of the game , as he dropped a career - high 40 points on 17 - of - 23 shooting , adding nine rebounds , five assists and two rebounds to his tally . Wilson Chandler finished second on the team , collecting 19 points , four rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Jameer Nelson started for Emmanuel Mudiay and accrued 16 points , four rebounds and 12 assists . Will Barton was the only bench player in double figures , as he totaled 15 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . The Knicks ( 22 - 33 ) have had a ton of drama surrounding their team and losses like this show just why . Carmelo Anthony did all he could to carry New York , as he accumulated 33 points , six rebounds , four assists and two steals on 13 - of - 20 from the field . Kristaps Porzingis was second on the team , finishing with 17 points , four rebounds and two assists . Brandon Jennings got a rare start and led the team with 13 assists , despite going just 2 - of - 10 from the field . Kyle O'Quinn led the bench , providing 16 points , six rebounds , three assists and four blocks .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Denver Nuggets , 117 - 121 , at Pepsi Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . The second half is when Milwaukee really turned it on , as they outscored Denver , 69 - 30 , in the second and third quarters . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with Milwaukee recording 26 assists to 18 turnovers , while Denver committed 9 turnovers to just 31 assists . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Milwaukee winning that battle , 38 - 48 . The Nuggets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists , while committing three less turnovers . Nikola Faried was the lone bright spot for the Nuggets , as he led the team with 20 points and 12 rebounds . John Henson totaled 16 points and five rebounds . Gary Harris contributed 14 points , two rebounds and two assists . Wilson Chandler led the Nuggets in scoring , as he accumulated 23 points , eight rebounds , three assists and two blocks . John Henson was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 16 points and five rebounds . Darrell Arthur and Darrell Arthur came off the bench to score 10 a piece . On deck for the Bucks is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . The Bucks ( 21 - 28 ) had to play this game without Jusuf Nurkic ( knee ) , as they simply did n't have enough bullets to beat this hungry Bucks team . Nikola Jokic did all he could to keep Denver in this game , as he accumulated 23 points , eight rebounds and five assists on 9 - of - 13 shooting . Wilson Chandler finished second on the team , totaling 23 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points and 12 rebounds .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Dallas Mavericks 109 - 87 Tuesday at American Airlines Center . Despite playing their second game in a row and their third game in four days , the Rockets ( 17 - 7 ) had very little trouble handling the Mavericks ( 5 - 18 ) after a slow start to the regular season . Houston ( 17 - 7 ) snapped a three - game losing streak with an impressive win Wednesday . Seven players scored in double digits for the Rockets , led by starting point guard James Harden , who finished with 18 points , nine rebounds and 17 assists . James Harden struggled to find his shot , but managed to get to the line enough to post 18 points , nine rebounds and 17 assists in 40 minutes . For the Mavericks , it was a fairly uninspired performance , and it started with their star big man James Harden . Harden shot just 4 - of - 12 from the field and finished with 18 points , 17 assists , nine rebounds and two steals , in 40 minutes . Trevor Ariza was solid with 17 points , seven rebounds and one assist , in 33 minutes off the bench . Eric Williams chipped in 18 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting , in 26 minutes off the bench . The Rockets shot a steaming 56 percent from the field , including 51 percent from distance , while Houston shot 50 percent from the field . Five players scored in double digits for Dallas , including Harrison Barnes , who finished with 20 points , along with three assists and four rebounds , in 32 minutes . Patrick Beverley chipped in 15 points , while Dorian Finney-Smith added 11 points and four rebounds . Next , the Mavericks host the Bulls on Tuesday night .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 93 - 91 , at Wells Fargo Center on Sunday . The Sixers ( 9 - 24 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process '' slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Philadelphia , behind emerging star Joel Embiid , is starting to make some noise around the league . The latest team to get an up - close look at their improving squad was the Timberwolves ( 11 - 24 ) , which suffered their eighth road loss of the season while seeing Embiid tally 23 points , 16 rebounds , five assists , two blocks and a steal . Philadelphia still has plenty of room for improvement despite notching their seventh win in nine games , as they turned the ball over a whopping 16 times . However , they played superb defense , limiting Minnesota to just 40 percent shooting and outrebounded them 48 - 47 . Minnesota was led by Zach LaVine , who tallied 28 points , four rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal . Ersan Ilyasova went for 19 points , five rebounds , an assist and a block . Robert Covington and Robert Covington contributed a pair of 13 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds , two assists , four steals and a block , and the latter supplying two assists , a rebound , and a steal . Andrew Wiggins supplied eight points , four rebounds , three assists and a steal . T.J. McConnell filled out the stat sheet with six points , eight assists , seven rebounds and two steals . Gorgui Dieng had a near double - double with 10 points , eight boards , two assists , a steal and two blocks . Shabazz Muhammad supplied 10 points , five boards and a steal . Ersan Ilyasova led the Sixers with 19 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Robert Covington totaled 13 points , five rebounds , an assist , a steal and two blocks . Robert Covington registered 13 points , 10 rebounds , two assists , four steals and a block . Gorgui Dieng pitched in with 10 points , eight rebounds , two assists , a steal and a pair of blocks . Shabazz Muhammad paced the bench with 10 points . The Sixers head back home to face off with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday evening , while the 76ers remain home to face off with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday evening .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 111 - 104 , at American Airlines Arena on Thursday . These are two teams on the outside looking in for the playoffs and the Mavericks were able to escape with a huge win to get them closer to that eight - seed . Despite Dallas leading by nine points after the first quarter , Dallas took care of business from there by winning the other three quarters by at least four points . In fact , the Mavericks outscored the Nets , 49 - 36 , in the second half . Defense was key , as they held Brooklyn to 43 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 15 turnovers . Dallas also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 33 - 41 . The Nets ( 13 - 56 ) have now won three of their last four games , as they continue to disappoint playoff contenders . Lopez was the star , as he hit the game - winning shot with six seconds left , en route to a 23 - point , nine - rebound performance . Harrison Barnes went just 8 - of - 15 from the field , but accrued 20 points , six rebounds and two assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points , six rebounds and two assists . Harrison Barnes was the player of the game , as he provided 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . Wesley Matthews scored 15 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Wesley Matthews scored 15 points , going 2 - of - 9 from the field .
Tim Hardaway Jr. is easily having the most productive season of his young NBA career this year , and he has had plenty of standout performances as a result . However , those performances have not always translated to wins for his team , and Wednesday was yet another example . Hardaway Jr. finished with a game - high 36 points on an efficient 13 - of - 20 shooting from the field , but his team fell short against the Hawks 130 - 33 . In the end , it was a night to forget for the Cavaliers , who continue to slide after a hot start to the season . Up next , the Hawks will look to extend their win streak to three games against the Raptors on Thursday , while the Cavaliers will look to end their three - game losing streak Saturday against the surging Charlotte Hornets . Cleveland ( 42 - 18 ) had won two - straight headed into this matchup , but this was a tough task against the Cavaliers . Dennis Schroder was the player of the game , as he tallied 36 points , two rebounds and two assists . Paul Millsap went just 9 - of - 16 from the field , but finished with 27 points , nine rebounds and four assists . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , amassing 15 points and 10 rebounds . Kent Bazmore was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 14 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting . The Cavaliers will be off until Wednesday , when they host the Boston Celtics for their next game .
The Golden State Warriors ( 27 - 1 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 12 - 15 ) 103 - 85 on Saturday . Golden State stopped their two - game skid with the win . Klay Thompson led the way with a game - high 20 points in 34 minutes . Stephen Curry recored his second straight double - double to start the season . He finished with 16 points and nine assists in 34 minutes . David Lee missed his second straight game with a hamstring injury . Andre Iguodala returned to action after missing a slate of games with an ankle injury . He played 29 minutes off the bench and put up nine points and five rebounds . Stephen Curry ( ankle ) sat out Friday after returning to action Sunday . The Jazz will stay home and host the Golden State Warriors on Saturday . Utah has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Jazz will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Jazz have the right guys to build a winning team around . Klay Thompson paced the Jazz with 20 points in 34 minutes , finishing with an impressive double - double . Andrew Bogut played 27 minutes in his second game back from an MCL sprain which forced him to miss most of the preseason . Bogut chipped in 13 points and three rebounds in 27 minutes .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 25 - 33 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 46 - 12 ) 110 - 108 on Friday night . Most people would have expected the Warriors to be the better team at this point of the year , but this result shows just where these two teams are at right now . Brooklyn is one of the worst road teams in the NBA , as they are now 4 - 3 away from BMO Harris Bradley Center . What killed them here were the second and third quarters , in which they were outscored 80 - 20 . The benches were also a huge difference , as Brooklyn got just 16 points from Andrew Bogut and 22 points from their bench . The assist - to - turnover ratios were a huge difference in this game , as the Nets recorded 20 assists and 15 turnovers , while the Nets committed 17 turnovers to their 20 assists . The Nets have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Deron Williams was the hero , as he hit the game - winning three with less than a second to go . What won the game for the Nets was the rebounding though , as they snatched down 50 rebounds to the Warriors 50 . The Nets have been playing competitively lately , but this was not one of those games . This sort of performance exemplifies which directions these two franchises are going right now and Brooklyn is in a lot of trouble right now . The starters amassed just 54 points in this game and that simply wo n't get it done in the NBA . One bright spot is the strong play of Andrew Bogut though , as he tallied 16 points and eight rebounds in the win . This was a great team - win and it 's a fantastic sign to see them win with players like Klay Thompson and Klay Thompson . The Nets will look to break this one on Saturday against the Detroit Pistons .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 36 - 36 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 44 - 32 ) 110 - 93 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Center in Miami . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this game , out - scoring the Heat 20 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game , going 52 percent from the field and 67 percent from the three - point line , while the Heat finished at 39 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum , who combined for 62 of the team 's 110 points . McCollum finished with 24 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 6 - 6 3Pt ) and seven assists , while Whiteside had 211 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 0 FT ) and 13 rebounds . Lillard nearly recorded a triple - double , as he posted 15 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 10 - 4 FT ) , four assists and six steals . He had had 12 or more points in each of his last three games , so it was good to see him return to form . The only other starter to reach double figures in scoring was Maurice Harkless , who finished with 14 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 2 FT ) in 28 minutes . The only other starter to reach double - digit points was Josh Harkless , who finished with 22 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) . The Heat were led by the duo of Goran Dragic and Hassan Whiteside . McCollum shot 9 - for - 15 from the field and 6 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 24 points . He also added seven assists , giving him his eigth double - double in the last nine games . Gerald Henderson and Gerald Henderson had 17 and 17 points respectively . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday , while the Heat will travel to Los Angeles to play the Clippers on Wednesday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 11 - 8 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 7 - 11 ) 116 - 99 on Sunday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . Despite being out - rebounded 41 - 26 , the Suns shot 50 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers shot 48 percent from the field and only 31 percent from beyond the arc . Despite out - rebounding the Suns 41 - 41 , they were forced into 20 turnovers , which may have been the difference in an otherwise evenly played game . The Suns received a huge contribution from center Goran Dragic , who went 11 - for - 15 from the field and 5 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 34 points , to go along with five rebounds and four assists . It was a season - high in points for him and a nice surprise as he 's averaging only 9 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a double - double , Roy Hibbert finished with 15 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 10 rebounds in 31 minutes . It was his first time reaching double - digit points in his last nine games , while the double - double was his first since the middle of January , so it was good to see the added production from the forward . Coming off the bench , both Gerald Green and David West reached double figures in points . West had 10 points ( 5 - 12 FG ) and six rebounds , while David West had 10 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 0 - 0 FT ) and six rebounds of his own . The Pacers ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday , while the Pacers will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Miami Heat , 97 - 85 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday . Russell Westbrook has been virtually unstoppable the majority of the season , but had been somewhat human the last three games after seeing a streak of six consecutive triple - doubles snapped against the Celtics on Dec. 1 . However , matched up Saturday against one of the most porous defenses in the league , especially against point guards , the perennial All-Star exploded for 14 points , a career - high 11 assists and five rebounds , his 50th career triple - double . He added two steals and a block as well . His spectacular performance helped negate a remarkable effort on the other side from Enes Kanter , who notched a career - high 21 - rebound double - double on the road . He also added ten rebounds and an assist . He led the way for the Thunder with 14 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . James was next with 18 points , two rebounds and two assists . Goran Dragic was next with 17 points , two assists and two rebounds . Goran Dragic contributed 11 points , four assists and a rebound . Goran Dragic compiled 11 points , four assists and a rebound . Dion Waiters tallied a bench - leading 2 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , an assist and a steal . Goran Dragic and Goran Dragic followed with a pair of 11 - point efforts , with the former also contributing a pair of rebounds and four assists , and the latter registering four boards and four assists . Tyler Johnson was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , four rebounds , an assist , three steals and a block . The Thunder head back home to face off with the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday evening , while the Thunder remain home and await the Phoenix Suns on Thursday evening .
Gordon Hayward poured in a season - high 26 points on efficient 11 - of - 21 shooting , to go along with six rebounds , four assists and one block , in 40 minutes . Dirk Nowitzki followed up with 22 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , along with 11 rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 32 minutes , while Wesley Matthews chipped in 20 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , in 38 minutes . Only two other players scored in double figures for the Jazz , led by Wesley Matthews , who finished with 20 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting , in 38 minutes . This marks the second straight loss for the Jazz , as they fall to 1 - 9 on the road this season . They will look to get back on track as they play host to the Trail Blazers on Sunday . Meanwhile , Gordon Hayward led the Mavericks in scoring , with 26 points on 11 - of - 21 shooting , including 1 - of - 9 from long range , along with six rebounds , in 40 minutes . Shelvin Mack added 18 points , while Shelvin Mack and Derrick Favors chipped in 18 points each . The Jazz go on to host the Jazz on Tuesday . Meanwhile , this marks the Mavericks ( 40 - 41 ) third straight loss , as they have now lost three of their last four games . The Jazz were led by Gordon Hayward who finished with 26 points , four assists and six rebounds , in 40 minutes .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Phoenix Suns , 111 - 106 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . These are two of the hottest teams in the Western Conference right now and New Orleans showed that their season is still alive with this crucial win . It was a tale of two halves , as Phoenix took a seven - point lead into the locker room , while New Orleans responded by winning the second half , 61 - 49 . Rebounding was key for the Pelicans , as they won that battle , 48 - 49 . Anthony Davis did his best , leading the team with 34 points , nine rebounds and four steals . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 14 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Eric Bledsoe carried the load for Phoenix , as he tallied 30 points , 10 rebounds , seven assists and three steals . TJ Warren amassed 20 points and 4 rebounds . Tyson Chandler was the only other starter to play well , as he totaled 11 points and 13 rebounds . T.J. Warren led the team in scoring , as he dropped 20 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting . The Pelicans ( 20 - 32 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Jrue Holiday was the player of the game , as he accumulated 30 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists on 11 - of - 22 shooting . Jrue Warren finished second on the team , accruing 30 points , four rebounds and three assists . Tyson Chandler recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 13 rebounds .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 48 - 9 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 32 ) 108 - 92 on Friday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . In a tight battle between two of the more experienced teams in the league , the Spurs were able to hold on in the fourth quarter to secure the five - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Spurs shot 52 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 41 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were led by Tony Parker , who went 11 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to finish with 23 points and three rebounds . He shot a combined 11 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Quincy Acy chipped in with 15 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and two rebounds . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday , while the Kings will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday . The Spurs 's next game is on the road against the Golden State Warriors on Thursday . The Spurs were led by DeMarcus Cousins , who tallied 22 points , 10 rebounds and two assists in the win . Tony Parker also had a nice game , as he amassed 18 points , eight rebounds and seven assists in the victory . This was one of San Antonio 's best games of the season , as they got to sit the starters for the entirety of the fourth quarter . DeMarcus Cousins still impressed in three quarters , as he amassed 22 points , 10 rebounds and five assists . The bench was spectacular as well , as four players scored in double - figures and combined for 84 points . Tony Parker was the player of the game though , as he tallied 23 points , three rebounds and six assists off the bench . Kawhi Leonard also played well , as he amassed 18 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . San Antonio will look to keep their undefeated home streak alive on Thursday against the Portland Trail Blazers .
Jamal Crawford was the high - point man in the contest , as he led the Clippers with 32 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting , including 6 - of - 9 from long range , in 31 minutes off the bench . Four other players scored in double digits for LA , including Wesley Johnson , Aaron Gordon , who poured in 10 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting , in 21 minutes off the bench . Blake Griffin led the way for the Magic , with 28 points on 11 - of - 22 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from long range , along with 13 rebounds , in 37 minutes . Wesley Johnson followed up with 21 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , including 6 - of - 12 from long range , along with seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Wesley Johnson chipped in 21 points , while Wesley Johnson chipped in 21 . Meanwhile , Victor Oladipo was the high - point man for the Clippers , with 24 points to go along with five assists and seven rebounds . Victor Oladipo finished with 24 points , while the only other player to hit double digits for Orlando was Aaron Gordon , with 10 , and Gordon Fournier the other four players combined to go 10 - of - 12 from the field . The Magic will face the second night of a back - to - back as they host Chicago on Saturday , in what will be the second game of a three - game road trip .
Damian Lillard is well on his way to having the best scoring season of his short five - year career , and he has his play in the month of March to largely thank for that . While Tuesday 's loss was an ugly one for the Warriors , the team is still 2 - 8 through seven games in March and Aminu has been going to be a model of consistency . Following his remarkable efficient 37 points in 41 minutes against the Warriors , Lillard is now averaging 28 points per game in March , making him on pace to have his highest per - game average for a full month this season . His partner in the backcourt , C.J . McCollum , was also having a hot March , as the shooting guard came into Tuesday averaging 26 points per game in March . That hot streak came to a halting stop against Portland , however , as he shot just 2 - of - 8 from the field en route to scoring a season - low eight points . Portland will look to bounce back on Tuesday against the Grizzlies as they take on the 76ers in the second half of a back - to - back . The big man was coming off the bench for Draymond Green , as he continues to excel as the leader of the team . In his first start of the season , scored a career - high 37 points and dished out eight assists . Green is now averaging 12 points per game , but has gotten a breakout performance from his rookie season .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves 109 - 103 Thursday at Target Center . The Pacers ( 23 - 22 ) came into Thursday 's matchup as one of the worst road teams in the NBA , boasting a 6 - 16 record away from home . They were , however , able to end a three - game losing streak and pull this one out , but it did n't come without a few heroic offensive performances . Paul George led the way with a team - high 32 points , five assists and four rebounds in 37 minutes , while young star Myles Turner an efficient 23 points on 10 - of - 14 shooting from the field on top of six rebounds . But in the backcourt , point guard Jeff Teague put together one of the best all - around performances of his first season with the Pacers , scoring 20 points , dishing out 13 assists and grabbing what ended up being a team - high eight rebounds . The three ended up accounting for 75 of the team 's 109 points , with no other Indiana player managing to score in double figures . In the end , the Pacers won the game through their play on the perimeter , with the team shooting an impressive 10 - of - 18 ( 56 percent ) from downtown . As for the Timberwolves ( 17 - 29 ) , the biggest issues they 've faced all season - - poor defense and lack of depth - - surfaced in Thursday 's contest . Despite getting three stellar performances from their three young stars , they got no help from any of their teammates , and no one could stop the Pacers ' offensive attack . Karl-Anthony Towns finished with a game - high 33 points on top of 10 rebounds and four assists , while Zach LaVine added 23 points and Andrew Wiggins posted 21 of his own . Their Minnesota teammates , however , managed to score just 26 points , causing them to fall just short and putting their three - game win streak to an end . Up next , the Pacers will head home Wednesday to take on the Kings , while the Timberwolves will look to get back on the right track Saturday against the Nets .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 33 - 19 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 20 - 33 ) 95 - 93 on Tuesday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Pacers 30 - 28 right away in the first quarter . The Pacers were n't able to compete as the turnover though , as the Pacers went on a 70 run to steal the victory in front of their home crowd . The Spurs shot 42 percent from the field and 24 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers shot only 41 percent from the floor and a meager 38 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Spurs also secured a 42 - 50 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Spurs were led by the duo of Tony Parker and Rodney Stuckey . Parker had a team - high with 19 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and six assists , while Miles chipped in with 13 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and two rebounds . With Kevin Durant still sitting out , Tim Duncan had a strong showing . He went 7 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 15 points , while also adding eight rebounds and two blocked shots . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 30 points and 7 rebounds . Parker , on the other hand , added 19 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and six assists . He 's now averaging 12 points and 3 rebounds on the year . The only other Raptor to reach double - digit points was Louis Belinelli , who came off the bench to shoot 4 - for - 6 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to finish with 12 points . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Pacers will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Utah Jazz ( 16 - 20 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 22 - 15 ) 98 - 83 on Friday . Utah came into this game as a double - digit favorite and simply couldn’t hold off a bad Jazz team . The key for Utah was their shooting , as they shot 55 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range against a dominant Heat defense . The ball movement was huge as well , with Utah dishing out 19 assists to the Heat ' 19 . Utah has been struggling mightily recently and this result is their second half in a microcosm . This marks their fifth loss in their last six games and they continue to lose bodies as well . Eight players scored in double figures , with Goran Dragic leading the team with 24 points . Dragic also dished out a career - high nine assists . Hassan Whiteside had one of his best games of the season , as he collected 10 points , 11 rebounds and four blocks in the defeat . Utah 's next game will be on Saturday when they take on the Portland Trail Blazers in their next game . The Jazz got some great performances from their studs here , but it was one again the defense that let them down . Not only did they allow 98 points , they allowed Utah to shoot 53 percent from the field . Gordon Hayward was one of the lone bright spots , as he tallied 34 points and four rebounds in the win . Utah has now lost three of their last four games . The Heat will look to keep it rolling on Monday against the Cleveland Cavaliers .
Kevin Durant led the way for a Golden State squad missing Draymond Green , posting a near double - double consisting of 29 points and nine rebounds . Jordan Clarkson was right behind Durant with 20 points , while Lou Williams supplied 13 points in a reserve role as well . Draymond Green filled out the stat sheet with 12 points , eight rebounds , four assists , three steals and a block . Thomas Robinson led the bench with 13 points and 10 rebounds , while Thomas Ingram turned in six points , three rebounds , two assists and one steal . Larry Nance , Jr. continued his strong play with 17 points , two rebounds , 0 assist and one steal . Draymond Green tallied a 12 - point , 4 - assist double - double that also included eight rebounds , three steals and one block . Larry Nance , Jr. was next with a bench - leading 11 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds . Thomas Ingram had a modest game by his standards , registering 6 points , nine rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block . Brandon Ingram managed eight points , nine rebounds , two assists and two steals as a reserve . Brandon Calderon led the second unit with 8 points , two rebounds and one steal . Stephen Curry tallied 24 points , five assists , five rebounds and three steals . Larry Nance , Jr. was next with a 11 - point , seven - rebound double - double that also included a block . Thomas Robinson led the bench with 6 - point efforts , with the former also providing nine rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block , and the latter registering six rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . The Warriors head back home to tangle with the Phoenix Suns on Monday night , while the Lakers remain home to take on the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday evening as well .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Denver Nuggets , 103 - 86 , at Pepsi Center on Saturday . A truly balanced offensive attack , superior ball security and stingy defense are a winning combination more often than not , and such was the case for the Pistons ( 4 - 2 ) on Saturday . All five members of Detroit 's starting five tallied double - digit scoring , and super - reserve Jon Leuer pitched in off the bench with a 15 - point , 3 - rebound double - double as well . The Pistons also committed only 13 turnovers while eliciting 16 from the Nuggets ( 2 - 3 ) , and tallied a stellar 48 percent success rate from the field . The visitors also built themselves a cushion early , winning the first quarter by a 29 - 12 margin that would serve them well the rest of the way . Wilson Chandler totaled 21 points in 31 minutes as a reserve . Danilo Gallinari 's 16 points paced Denver , a total he supplemented with nine rebounds , an assist , three blocks and a steal . Ish Smith was next with a bench - leading 11 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope registered 13 points , 1 assists , a rebound and a steal . Jusuf Nurkic contributed 10 points , five rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block . Emmanuel Mudiay paced the second unit with 11 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal . The Pistons continue on the road and head to Milwaukee for a Saturday night showdown with the Bucks , while the Nuggets are home against the Brooklyn Nets on Monday night .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 116 - 102 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 13 - 25 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to right some of the ills that had plagued them over their previous seven games , a stretch in which they 'd suffered five defeats . The Grizzlies ( 22 - 25 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as Los Angeles forced the Rockets into 10 turnovers , including to the charity stripe 22 times from the Lakers to seal the win . Mike Conley 's 21 points led the Lakers , and he added four assists and a steal . Nick Young was just a rebound short of a double - double with 20 points , nine boards and two assists . D'Angelo Russell supplied 18 points , six boards and six assists . Timofey Mozgov posted a 14 - point , 5 - rebound double - double , and Vince Carter supplied a bench - leading 12 points . Tony Allen and Tony Allen followed with matching 8 - point efforts , while Vince Carter compiled 12 points in 21 minutes off the bench . The Grizzlies ( 22 - 15 ) were led by Mike Conley 's 21 points , which he supplemented with seven assists and a rebound . Jordan Clarkson provided 16 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Timofey Mozgov posted a 14 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Andrew Harrison filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , eight assists and a rebound . Tony Allen and Luol Deng went scoreless over seven minutes , contributing eight points , two rebounds and a steal . The Lakers continue on their swing through the Deep South with a visit to the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday evening , while the Lakers remain home to face the Utah Jazz on Monday .
The Los Angeles Clippers were led to victory by their stars on Friday , as they narrowly edged out the Portland Trail Blazers . All-Star forward Blake Griffin had 22 points and nine rebounds as well as five assists . Meanwhile , DeAndre Jordan , the reigning All-NBA First Team center , pulled down a whopping nine rebounds to help the Clippers earn a positive differential on the glass . Though Damian Lillard saw below his usual output , the star still contributed 8 points and seven assists while turning the ball over just once . Portland , meanwhile , saw a major night from star point guard Damian Lillard . Paul shot 7 - of - 19 for 19 points while also dishing out seven assists and holding Blazers to just four rebounds on the night . Forward DeAndre Jordan , the league 's leading scorer , had 19 points to go along with four rebounds and seven assists . For Portland , star point guard Damian Lillard delivered what was possibly his worst statistical night of the season . The All-Star went just 1 - of - 10 from the field and turned the ball over four times . His fellow guards , Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan , meanwhile , were very surprising as well , shooting over 67 percent from the field . On the night , Portland was led by All-Star Chris Paul . Griffin had a team - high 22 points but shot 7 - of - 14 at the free - throw line . He also had a team - high nine rebounds , and dished out five assists .
The Houston Rockets defeated the host Orlando Magic , 100 - 93 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams looking to vie for the eight - seed in the west , Houston prevailed with a big win . They took care of busines from start to finish , as the T'Wolves led for over 45 minutes of this game . Defense carried Houston , as they held Orlando to 42 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The Rockets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Orlando , while committing six less turnovers . The Rockets ( 16 - 9 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . James Harden continued his great form , as he accumulated 14 points , six rebounds and 10 assists . Serge Ibaka was second on the team , as he totaled 16 points and nine rebounds off the bench . Nikola Vucevic had a nice game down low , totaling 16 points and 12 rebounds . Evan Fournier was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 17 points , three rebounds and four assists . Evan Fournier was the only Magic starter with at least 10 points , as he accrued 17 points , three rebounds and four assists . Nikola Vucevic recorded a double - double , amassing 12 points and 12 rebounds . Evan Fournier accrued 10 points , nine rebounds and two assists in the defeat .
The Golden State Warriors ( 3 - 2 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 2 - 3 ) 98 - 78 on Tuesday . This was a mismatch on paper and that ended up being the case on Saturday . The Warriors dominated in nearly every category , as they recorded more rebounds , assists , blocks and steals than the Grizzlies . It was a relatively clean game played all - around though , as there were only 31 combined turnovers between both teams . It was a much closer game than expected and the credit has to go to this winless Sixers team to put in a strong effort night - after - night despite losing every single game . Luckily for Memphis , this will be the only time they 'll have to face the Warriors in Golden State this season . This was probably the best performance from the Grizzlies all year , despite in a losing effort . They came into this game as a rare road favorite and ended up living up to those expectations . It was tight throughout , but they ended up scoring 23 points in the final quarter to pull away with the much needed win . Klay Thompson was spectacular in this win , as he led the team with 21 points and five assists . Marc Gasol flirted with a triple - double , as he accumualted 7 points , 12 rebounds and six assists . Harrison Schroeder was the hero off the bench , as he scored 14 points in just 33 minutes . Memphis has a tough task ahead of them , as they travel to play the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday for their next game .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 29 - 11 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 11 - 11 ) 102 - 98 on Wednesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Grizzlies got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Trail Blazers 30 - 23 in the first quarter alone . The Grizzlies were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 53 percent from the three - point line , while the Trail Blazers went 39 percent from the floor and a meager 36 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Grizzlies also secured a 50 - 40 rebounding advantage , giving them a huge upperhand and contributing even further to the win . As he 's done all season long , LaMarcus Aldridge went off for 32 points ( 11 - 22 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , nine rebounds and three blocked shots . He 's been a force over his last two games , combining for 50 points , 17 rebounds and 4 blocks . Marc Gasol recorded a double - double of his own , finishing with 15 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and eight rebounds . He was able to get to the free throw line 10 times , converting on a perfect 9 - of - 10 . He also had six rebounds and two assists . The only other Blazer to reach double figures in points was Courtney Lee , who scored 17 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) to go with three rebounds and three assists . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Trail Blazers will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 41 - 19 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 33 - 30 ) 117 - 115 on Monday . The importance of the rather unlikely road victory for Toronto can not be underscored , as the Raptors had come in to the contest having dropped three of their previous four games and in tangible danger of losing their grip on the eighth seed in the conference . Further dampening their prospects was the Trail Blazers ' formidable defense , as well as the 15 - game home winning streak they carried into the Sunday night affair . Despite the rather long odds and a 61 - 51 halftime deficit , the visitors rallied on the strength of a typically remarkable effort from Damian Lillard , who poured in a season - high 38 points and supplemented it with five assists and three rebounds . DeRozan was a distant second with 27 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Jonas Valanciunas contributed a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . Norman Powell drew the start in place of Chris Kaman ( knee ) and produced 10 points , six rebounds and an assist . Jonas Valanciunas led the reserves with 17 points , 10 rebounds and a block . Norman Powell paced the reserves with 10 points , six rebounds and an assist . Portland remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently four games behind the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head home for a showdown with the Golden State Warriors on Thursday . The Blazers were spearheaded by Kyle Lowry 's 28 points , which he supplemented with five assists and three rebounds . C.J . McCollum was next with 24 points , five assists , a rebound and two steals . Jonas Valanciunas followed with 17 points , 10 boards and a block . Jonas Valanciunas contributed a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist . Norman Powell led the bench with 10 points , six rebounds and an assist . The Trail Blazers remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Saturday .
Kawhi Leonard finished with a game - high 29 points on efficient 9 - of - 18 shooting , to go along with 11 rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block . Rodney Hood also followed up with 18 points , while George Hill chipped in 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . George Hill chipped in 13 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench , while George Hill and George Hill each finished with 13 points . San Antonio was led by Rodney Hood , who had a career - high 18 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting , including 2 - of - 4 from long range , to go along with five rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 24 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Kawhi Leonard led the way for the Jazz with 29 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting , along with 11 rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 32 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge added 19 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , along with six rebounds , in 29 minutes . Pau Gasol chipped in with eight points , six rebounds , two assists and two blocks in 23 minutes . Kawhi Leonard finished with 29 points , while the only other player to hit double digits for Utah was George Hill with 13 , in 28 minutes off the bench . The Jazz will face the second night of a back - to - back as they play host to the Grizzlies on Saturday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Dallas Mavericks 92 - 91 Monday at American Airlines Center . With just over three minutes remaining in Monday 's contest , the Thunder ( 42 - 31 ) looked dead in the water , as they were down 13 and the Mavericks ( 31 - 42 ) had control for majority of the game . Russell Westbrook , however , had other plans , as he led the team on a 140 run to end the game that was topped off by a game - winning jumper from the free throw line . Westbrook finished with yet another triple - double of 37 points ( 16 of which came in the final quarter ) , 13 rebounds and 10 assists in 36 minutes , and he did so while shooting an efficient 15 - of - 30 from the field . And the MVP-candidate carried the load for Oklahoma City , as Victor Oladipo ( 15 ) and Taj Gibson ( 13 ) were the only other players to score in double figures for the Thunder . As for Dallas , they played a strong 45 minutes before collapsing down the stretch and missing their final six shots from the field . Six different Mavericks players managed to score in double figures , but overall , it ended up being a subpar offensive performance from the team , as they shot just 41 percent from the field . It was , however , one of the better performances from Nerlens Noel since he was traded to Dallas , as he recorded 15 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting and eight rebounds - - both of which were team - highs - - in 28 minutes . Up next , the Thunder will look to extend their win streak to three games at home against the Warriors on Wednesday , while the Mavericks will look to end their skid Thursday against the Bulls .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 125 - 124 , at Pepsi Center on Thursday . The Rockets ( 49 - 22 ) utilized their tried - and - true formula - - solid defense and stellar play from their three most reliable veterans - - to hang on for a hard - fought road win . The improving Nuggets ( 33 - 37 ) hung tough through three quarters , and the two teams entered the final period knotted at 68 . However , James Harden once again led the way for Denver , as he tallied a game - high 39 points , a total he supplemented with seven rebounds , a assist and four steals . Gary Harris was next with 28 points , four assists , two rebounds and three steals . Nikola Jokic was next with 22 points , 13 rebounds , eight assists , one block and one block . Nikola Jokic turned in a 22 - point , 13 - rebound , eight - assist triple - double that also included one block . Eric Gordon provided 18 points , three assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . Clint Capela followed with a 12 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , one steal and one block . Jamal Murray led the second unit with 13 points , four rebounds and one block . James Harden led the way for the Rockets with a 39 - point , 11 - assist double - double that also included seven rebounds , four steals and one block . Jokic turned in a 22 - point , 13 - rebound , eight - assist triple - double that also included one block . Will Barton matched Gordon ' point total and added five boards , three assists and a block . Ryan Anderson tallied 10 points , two boards and an assist . Jamal Murray led the second unit with 13 points , four rebounds and one block . Jamal Murray led the second unit with 13 points , four rebounds and one block . The Nuggets next head to Charlotte to tangle with the Hornets on Monday night , while the Nuggets remain home for their next contest on Monday night as well .
The Chicago Bulls ( 29 - 16 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 30 - 14 ) 102 - 98 on Wednesday at the United Center in Chicago . The Bulls got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Mavericks 30 - 21 in the first quarter alone . The Mavericks shot better in this game , going 49 percent from the field and 56 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went 45 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Bulls were also able to force the Mavericks into 30 turnovers , while only committing 21 of their own . The Bulls were led by the duo of Jimmy Butler and Dirk Butler . Nowitzki shot 10 - for - 15 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also adding seven rebounds . He 's combined for 39 points in hist last two games and is now averaing 19 points per game . Derrick Rose also had a solid showing , finishing with 20 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , three assists and three steals . Notching his first double - double of the season , Pau Gasol recorded a double - double of his own , finishing with 13 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 16 rebounds . He was able to get to the free throw line eight times and converted on all eight attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only nine points on Sunday . Taj Snell added 10 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt ) and three rebounds off the bench . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
Win or lose , Anthony Davis has been posting historic numbers left and right this season . On Tuesday , that translated into 43 points and 10 rebounds en route to a shattering blowout of the visiting Milwaukee Bucks . The game marked Davis 's third 43 - point outing in just 16 this season , a league - high . It was also Davis 's eighth double - double of the season . Davis has now scored 60 or more points in three of his last four comments , only failing to do so in a blowout in which he sat due to a minor injury . Thanks in large part to Davis 's 74 percent shooting , it was n't enough for Milwaukee to victory . The Bucks shot a whopping 59 percent from the field while holding the Bucks to just 52 percent shooting . The Bucks ( 33 - 30 ) have now droppped three straight games and look poised to finish in seventh place in the Western Conference . The team shot 74 percent from the field and just 24 percent from three - point range . Overall , it was not a great night for Milwaukee on the offensive end . The Grizz saw only three players score in double digits and only one player score above 13 points . That player was point guard Michael Carter-Williams , who had a 25 - point , six - assist double - double . Outside of Davis and Gordon Gordon , though , the Bucks struggled to find the rhythm , hitting just 3 three - pointers on the night .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 7 - 4 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 6 - 6 ) 110 - 93 on Saturday . Los Angeles stopped their two - game losing streak with the win . The Clippers used every available player they had in the blowout , and six of their players finished in double digits . DeAndre Jordan had an impressive double - double of 12 points and 11 rebounds , while the Clippers shot 56 percent from the field and 42 percent from beyond the arc as a team . Shabazz Napier led the team with 17 points , five assists , five rebounds and one steal in 32 minutes , while DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double of 12 points and 11 rebounds . Los Angeles will go on the road to play the Denver Nuggets on Monday . Miami has lost two straight , and they were led by Blake Griffin , who put up 28 points , seven rebounds and four assists in 30 minutes on the court . The Clippers are in control for the eighth seed in the Western Conference and are just a half - game behind the Clippers for the final playoff spot in the East . Miami has two days off before hosting the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday . The Clippers , who don’t have a back - to - back stint the rest of the month , get two days off before hosting the Philadelphia 76ers . The Heat have three days off before going on the road to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Thursday . Miami has lost four of their last five games as they have struggled to find a proper balance on both sides of the court all season . Shabazz Napier led the way for Miami , with 17 points , five rebounds , three assists , and one steal in 32 minutes of action .
The Boston Celtics ( 41 - 30 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 29 - 41 ) 107 - 96 on Friday . Isaiah Thomas relished his bench role with the Phoenix Suns , and he continues to embrace it as member of the Boston Celtics . Thomas dropped 28 points in 34 minutes against the Magic in Orlando . The Celtics were up by as many as 13 early in the game but the Celtics battled back to make it a two - point game with 2:56 to go . Both teams went scoreless from then until J.J Fournier hit a three - pointer to give them the lead with 3:36 left in the fourth . However , it would be their last lead of the game as Isaiah Thomas , who missed a three - pointer with just eleven seconds left left the game went off the clock . Thomas finished with 28 points , eight assists and eight rebounds in 39 minutes , while Oladipo posted a team - high 25 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 4 - 4 3Pt ) , to go along with eight rebounds , one assist and five steals , in 34 minutes . Evan Turner came off the bench to score 16 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt ) , to go with five rebounds , four assists and one block in 32 minutes . Evan Fournier finished with 13 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) , with two assists , in 33 minutes . The Celtics had six players reach double figures in points . Victor Oladipo led the way , scoring 25 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) to go with eight rebounds , one assist , five steals and one block in 39 minutes . Evan Fournier had 16 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) , five rebounds , four assists and one block in 32 minutes . Amir Johnson was solid , scoring 13 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) , along with eight rebounds and four assists , in 15 minutes off the bench . The Magic now head to Miami to take on the Heat on Monday . The Celtics are off until Tuesday , when they will host the Atlanta Hawks .
The New York Knicks ( 3 - 8 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 2 - 7 ) 109 - 93 on Tuesday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Nuggets were able to use a strong second half , where they out - scored the Nuggets 63 - 52 , allowing them to coast to a 16 - point victory on the road in Denver . The Knicks were the superior shooters in this game , going 54 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets went 39 percent from the floor and 38 percent from beyond the arc . The Knicks also forced the Nuggets into 17 turnovers , while committing just 15 of their own . The Knicks ' frontcourt was dominant in this matchup , out - scoring the Nuggets ' frontcourt 68 - 28 . Carmelo Anthony led the charge , going 10 - for - 14 from the field and 6 - for - 8 from the free throw line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding nine rebounds and three assists . After struggling to just eight points against the Pelicans on Sunday , it was a nice bounce back game for him . The six steals were a season - high for him . Kenneth Faried had a strong showing as well , finishing with 16 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 2 - 5 FT ) , nine rebounds and two steals . He 's been a pleasant surprise for the Nuggets all series long , and it looks as if he has established himself as a valuable player moving forward into next season . The Knicks will now await the winner of the Los Angeles Clippers/San Antonio Spurs series , which is currently tied at 1 - 3 .
The Houston Rockets defeated the New York Knicks , 91 - 86 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Rockets finished the game on a 27 - 17 run to open things up and win comfortably . They actually led for the majority of the game , as New York 's only lead lasted less than two minutes in the second quarter . Shooting was the big difference in the game , with Houston hitting 50 percent of their shots , while New York went just 46 percent from their field . James Harden was the player of the game , scoring a game - high 36 points on 11 - of - 22 shooting . James Harden finished the game with 36 points , six rebounds and six assists . Isaiah Canaan was the only other starter in double figures , as he tallied 13 points , six rebounds and five assists . Trevor Ariza totaled 10 points and five rebounds en route to a double - double . James Harden carried the load , as he accumulated 36 points , six rebounds and six assists . Trevor Ariza finished with 10 points and five rebounds . Donatas Motiejunas was huge off the bench , as he provided 13 points , eight rebounds and three assists . The Rockets will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday for their next game . The Rockets ( 11 - 3 ) planned to win this game through pace , but it led to some inefficiencies on the offensive end . While they took 12 more shots than the Rockets , they made six less baskets . James Harden added to his MVP-type numbers though , as he tallied 36 points , six rebounds and six assists . James Harden was the player of the game , accumulating 36 points , six rebounds and six assists on 11 - of - 22 shooting . Carmelo Anthony finished second on the team with 14 points , seven rebounds and three steals . Trevor Ariza also scored 10 points , adding five rebounds and three assists to his tally . The Rockets will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 35 - 23 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 36 ) 107 - 96 on Sunday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . Pushing their win streak to seven games in a row , the Spurs had another strong performance Sunday , ending the Kings ' own streak of 10 straight wins in the process . While the Spurs have already clinched a spot in the playoffs , they 're still fighting for a higher seed , as the win tied them with the Clippers for the fifth projected playoff seed in the West , while they sit only two games back from the Houston Rockets , who are all the way up in second place near the top of the standings . The Kings , on the other hand , continue to have a commanding lead in the standings , as they 've already clinched the number one overall seed in the Western Conference playoffs . The Spurs were the superior shooters in this game , going 40 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings finished at 48 percent from the floor and just 25 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , Ben McLemore led the team with 21 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 10 - 12 FT ) , four rebounds and four assists in 36 minutes . He was able to get to the free throw line a wopping 2 - of - 2 from the free throw line , as he converted on 10 of 2 attempts . He also had seven rebounds and five assists . The only other Spurs player to reach double figures was Jason Ginobili , who came off the bench to score 12 points ( 10 - 10 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt ) with six assists . The Kings ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Kings will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Milwaukee Bucks , 109 - 95 , at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Friday . Double-digit road wins in the NBA are rare , but wire - to - wire ones are even more impressive . That 's just what the Jazz did here , as they took care of business against a Jazz team . The biggest difference in the game were the turnovers , as the Jazz forced 15 from the Bucks , while committing just 14 of their own . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Utah winning that battle , 41 - 35 . The Jazz also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Milwaukee , despite committing six less turnovers . The Bucks ( 25 - 31 ) had a tough task here against a desperate Mavs team and they fell just short in this tight battle . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Milwaukee , as he tallied 33 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and four steals . Michael Beasley was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Rudy Gobert recorded a 15 - point , 16 - rebound double - double , while adding four blocks to his tally . George Hill provided 19 points and four steals . Giannis Antetokounmpo put in a valiant effort , accumulating 33 points , 12 rebounds and four steals to lead Milwaukee in the defeat . Michael Beasley was the only other Buck in double figures , as he collected 22 points and six rebounds .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Orlando Magic , 122 - 92 , at Phillips Arena on Saturday evening . The Warriors ( 54 - 14 ) are continuing to find their way without Kevin Durant ( knee ) , and they may be starting to hit their stride . After a rough first full game without their All-Star last Thursday against the Bulls , Golden State bounced back with a much better effort in a Sunday victory against the Knicks . They had a much tougher test in front of them Monday in the form of the Magic ( 24 - 45 ) , but managed a second straight win on the strength of matching 25 - point efforts from Stephen Curry and Stephen Curry . The former led the way with a mammoth 39 - point , 1 - rebound double - double , while the former dishing out a game - high 6 assists . The third - year pro also added four rebounds and a block to his team - high scoring total . Klay Thompson was next with 29 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds and five assists . Andre Iguodala followed with 14 points , six rebounds , three assists and two steals . Draymond Green filled out the stat sheet with 13 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two blocks and a steal . Ian Clark provided 12 points in 20 minutes off the bench . Klay Thompson 's 29 points paced Golden State . Elfrid Payton had a near double - double with 13 points and nine assists , while Draymond Green stepped up with 13 points and eight rebounds . Draymond Green filled out the stat sheet with nine points , six rebounds , six assists , one steal and one block . Ian Clark matched Clark 's point total . Ian Clark 's 12 points led the bench .
Isaiah Thomas poured in 13 of his 28 points in the fourth quarter to help his team seal the victory . Thomas shot 9 - of - 21 from the field and added nine assists and four rebounds , in 28 minutes . Kelly Olynyk poured in 26 points on 9 - of - 11 shooting , including 4 - of - 5 from long range , to go along with eight rebounds , three assists and one block , in 32 minutes off the bench . Jae Crowder added 18 points and nine rebounds , while Al Horford added 10 points , six rebounds and six assists . Meanwhile , Paul Millsap and Tim Hardaway Jr. led the Hawks in scoring , with 23 points each . Hardaway did it on 9 - of - 17 shooting , and added three steals , two assists , two rebounds and one block , in 29 minutes , while Millsap went 8 - of - 15 from the field , and added six assists , five rebounds , one steal and one block , in 40 minutes . The Celtics got a serious boost from a couple of youngsters , as Kelly Olynyk went 9 - of - 11 from the field on his way to a career - high 26 points , along with eight rebounds and three assists . Malcolm Delaney came up the bench with 17 points and four rebounds , in 27 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Hawks was Kent Bazemore , who finished with 12 points , and Malcolm Delaney came up with 17 off the bench .
The Detroit Pistons ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 0 - 1 ) 106 - 94 on Wednesday at Philips Arena in Detroit . The Pistons got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Hawks 25 - 25 in the first quarter alone . The Hawks shot better in this game , going 39 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went 45 percent from the floor and just 30 percent from beyond the arc . The Pistons were also able to force the Hawks into 18 turnovers , while only committing 15 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Pistons were led by Kentavious Caldwell-Pope , who shot 7 - for - 14 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 21 points , while also adding 1 rebounds and an assist . He 's been a force in the last five games , as he 's averaged 34 points and 6 rebounds over his last five games . Millsap , on the other hand , posted 19 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) of his own , to go along with eight rebounds and two blocked shots . After shooting just 21 percent ( 0 - 15 FG ) from the field in Sunday 's game against the Rockets , it was good to see him get back on track . Also , coming off the bench , Al Horford recorded arguably his best game of the season , going just 6 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 15 points , while adding 19 rebounds . It was his first time reaching double - digit points in his last nine games , while the double - double was his first since the middle of January , so it was good to see the added production from the forward . Coming off the bench , Louis Morris chipped in with 18 points ( 6 - 19 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) in 37 minutes . The Pistons ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Hawks will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Saturday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 26 - 20 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 20 - 23 ) 108 - 102 on Friday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Orlando . The Grizzlies got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Magic 31 - 33 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Grizzlies also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 43 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Magic went 47 percent from the floor and a meager 36 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Grizzlies also secured a 54 - 46 rebounding advantage . The Grizzlies were led by the duo of Jeff Green and Marc Gasol . Green went 11 - for - 18 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding eight rebounds . He 's combined for 39 points in hist last two games and is now averaing 19 points per game . Zach Randolph also had a solid contribution off the bench , recording 18 points ( 8 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and 13 rebounds over 34 minutes . He 's now averaging 16 points and 6 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Tobias Harris shot 6 - for - 9 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 16 points , while adding four rebounds and a blocked shot as well . While Oladipo did n't have the best night shooting the ball for the Magic , so it was good to see him get back on track . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Mike Conley , who hadd 12 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and nine assists . The Magic 's next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Friday , while the Magic will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
Bradley Beal has been playing like an offensive juggernaut since returning from a hamstring injury that held him out for three games , and his 31 - point performance on Wednesday continued that trend . Since returning , Beal has been averaging 23 points while shooting 50 percent from the field overall . And while those numbers jump off the page , what may jump even higher off the page is the number of minutes he has been playing . Beal , who already has a rich injury history in this young season , has played at least 38 minutes in his last six games with the 41 he played against Washington being the highest he 's played all season . Head coach Scott Brooks has said that he needs Beal on the floor to give the Wizards a chance of winning the game , but with Beal failing to put together anything close complete NBA season in his career , the wear and tear on an already fragile body could be dangerous for a struggling Brooklyn team . The Wizards ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Saturday , while the Nets will have three days of go with their current four - game road trip against they face the Cavaliers on Friday . Brooklyn ( 31 - 44 ) has been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , tallying 31 points , six rebounds and two assists in the win . Brook Lopez was second on the team , with his 20 points and six boards . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 13 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Sean Smith was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 10 points on 3 - of - 7 shooting .
The Miami Heat defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 109 - 97 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday , Miami have n't had many dominant wins this season , but they led for the final 40 minutes here in an impressive victory . Shooting was the glaring difference in the game , with the Heat hitting 53 percent of their shots , while Milwaukee went just 42 percent from the field . Miami did most of their damage in the first half , as they led 53 - 43 , headed into the locker room . Three-point shooting was decisive as well , with Miami going 13 - of - 30 , with Milwaukee hitting just 6 - of - 18 from long range . The Bucks ( 20 - 23 ) played this game with Jabari Parker and Malcolm Brogdon coming off the bench for disciplinary issues and that clearly put them too far behind the eight - ball to overcome . Giannis Antetokounmpo carried the load though , accumulating 24 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and two steals . Parker came off the bench to provide 16 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Brogdon did n't have as much success off the bench , scoring four points on 1 - of - 10 from the field . Matthew Dellavedova started at point guard and tallied 15 points and seven assists . The Heat ( 14 - 30 ) have now won three - straight games , as the balance beam is evening up with their abundance of close losses . Dion Waiters tied a career - high with 33 points on 12 - of - 10 shooting , adding three rebounds and three assists to his tally . Goran Dragic was second on the team , dropping 25 points , to go along with six assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded a 16 - point , 15 - rebound double - double . Wayne Ellington dropped 15 points off the bench , while James Johnson totaled seven points and six assists off the pine as well .
The Chicago Bulls ( 14 - 8 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 6 - 6 ) 115 - 106 on Friday . Chicago has won four straight and seven of their last eight . Everything is looking good for the Bulls right now . They 're winning , and they were finally able to play back - to - back games with a fully healthy roster after struggling to have everyone available on the same night most of this season . Derrick Rose returned to action Monday against the Raptors , and in his two games back , he 's put up 38 points and 35 points . The early - season rust seems to be breaking off , and if Rose can stay healthy , a great performance on Christmas Day could be on tap for Thursday 's game against the Lakers . Portland has lost back - to - back games for just the second time this season . LaMarcus Aldridge had another productive night with 35 points and nine rebounds in 39 minutes . The Trail Blazers will return home to host the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday . Portland has lost 17 of their last 12 games , and the bleakness will be hard for them to overcome anytime soon as they 're currently trudging through a difficult part of their schedule . Playing without Iman Shumpert ( shoulder ) and J.R. Barton ( plantar fascitis ) on Sunday , the Trail Blazers struggled , shooting just 49 percent from the field and 50 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers will face the Golden State Warriors on Monday , as the Bulls will welcome the Utah Jazz to Chicago .
Jamal Crawford was the high - point man in the contest , as he led the Clippers with 26 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting , including 2 - of - 3 from long range , in 26 minutes off the bench . Chris Paul scored 19 points , to go along with seven assists , a rebound and two steals , in 33 minutes . Austin Rivers chipped in 16 points on 5 - of - 7 shooting , in 21 minutes off the bench . The Clippers were led by Jamal Crawford , who finished with 26 points , three assists , one rebound and one steal , in 26 minutes . Austin Rivers followed up with 16 points on 10 - of - 17 shooting , in 33 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for Chicago was E'Twaun Moore , who chipped in 10 points . The Clippers will look to build off this win , as they head straight to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Sunday , for their second game in as many nights . Meanwhile , the Bulls ( 26 - 20 ) struggled from the field , shooting only 43 percent . Chris Paul was the player of the game , scoring a team - high 23 points on 8 - of - 22 shooting , to go along with seven assists and two rebounds , in 33 minutes . Pau Gasol struggled shooting , going 7 - of - 10 from the field on his way to 15 points , while adding five assists , in 29 minutes .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 47 - 12 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 25 - 33 ) 93 - 91 on Monday at the American Airlines Center in Atlanta . The Hawks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Heat 17 - 17 in the first quarter alone . The Hawks were the superior shooters in this game , going 43 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Heat went 40 percent from the floor and just 27 percent from beyond the arc . The Hawks also forced the Heat into 23 turnovers , while committing just 8 of their own . The Hawks were led by the duo of Dwyane Wade and Hassan Whiteside . Millsap went 8 - for - 15 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 22 points , while also adding five rebounds and four assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Hawks ' seven - game win streak . Millsap on the other hand finished with 22 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , five rebounds and four blocked shots . It was his second straight night with 14 points , as he 's a combined 16 - of - 35 from the field over the last two games . Dennis Schroder had a strong showing as well , going 5 - for - 14 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 16 points . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 13 assists over those two games . John Whiteside finished with 14 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , nine rebounds and 0 blocked shots . Over his last three games he 's averaging 21 points and five rebounds , as he 's really stepped it up for the Heat lately . Notching a double - double , center John Whiteside finished with 14 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , to go along with 24 rebounds and 0 blocked shots . It marked his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 9 points and 16 rebounds . Notching a double - double of his own , Hassan Whiteside finished with 14 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and 24 rebounds . He was able to get to the free throw line eight times and converted on all eight attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after struggling with his shot against the Pelicans on Sunday . Henry Walker shot 3 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 11 from beyond the arc , giving him 10 points on the night . The Hawks ' next game will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday , while the Heat will be at home against the New York Knicks on Saturday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 3 - 3 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 4 - 5 ) 97 - 87 on Tuesday . Portland has won three straight games , and the deeper they get into the season , the more believable the Trail Blazers ' turnaround under coach Jason Kidd appears to be a sustainable change . The Trail Blazers had six players score in dougle digits Friday , with Kevin Garnett leading the way with a double - double of 12 points and 12 rebounds . Wesley Matthews scored 10 points on 3 - of - 13 shooting from the field in his second game back after missing a game with knee soreness . Kevin Garnett posted a second straight double - double , compiling 12 points and 12 rebounds in 27 minutes . Joe Johnson played a season - high 36 minutes and shot 9 - of - 18 from the field , possessing a team - low negative 37 plus/minus . Even though he was unable to lead the Blazers in scoring , Brook Lopez was held to just 12 points . The Blazers will have a couple days off before traveling to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Wenesday . Brooklyn has hit the skids of late and has now lost six in a row . The Nets ' recent slide has put their hold on the sixth seed in jeopardy as they only lead the Heat by 5 games . A big problem Sunday was a lack of production from Brooklyn 's bench , which only contributed 16 points , seven rebounds , and two assists as a collective . The Nets will look to rebound on Tuesday with a crucial game against the Heat .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 4 - 3 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 7 ) 109 - 102 on Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . Despite being down 51 - 46 at halftime , the Pelicans were able to out - score the Lakers 34 - 24 in the third quarter , giving them enough of an edge to get the victory on the road in Los Angeles . The Pelicans also out - rebounded the Lakers 44 - 38 , giving them even more of an advantage . After missing three games with a sprained toe , Kobe Bryant returned to the lineup after missing three games with a knee injury . He finished with seven points and five assists over 36 minutes . The Lakers were led by Tyreke Evans on Sunday . He went 8 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding five rebounds and 11 assists . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Jeremy Lin , who came off the bench to score 15 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and grab four rebounds in 34 minutes . Carlos Boozer and Jordan Hill had 10 points apiece . The Pelicans ' next game will be on the road against the Houston Rockets on Friday , while the Lakers will travel to San Antonio to play the Spurs on Friday .
The Miami Heat ( 4 - 3 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 4 - 4 ) 92 - 91 on Wednesday at Energy Solutions Arena in Salt Lake City . The Heat outscored the Jazz 26 - 25 in the fourth quarter , leading them to their second victory in as many days . Alec Burks led the way in scoring for the Heat , finishing with 24 points ( 9 - 16 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt ) , three rebounds , two assists and one steal in 35 minutes . Alec Burks had a big game , scoring 14 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) to go with four assists , three rebounds and two steals in 29 minutes . Hassan Whiteside had nine points ( 4 - 10 FG ) , 14 rebounds , one steal and five blocks in 29 minutes . Derrick Favors ( knee ) returned to the starting lineup after sitting out the rest of the season . He came off the bench and scored 14 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt ) , to go with four rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks in 35 minutes . The Heat will head to New Orleans to take on the Pelicans on Friday , in what will be the second night of a back - to - back for the home team . The Heat had all five starters score in double figures in this game . Gordon Hayward led the team with 24 points ( 7 - 21 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 10 - 12 FT ) , while also contributing three assists . He 's now combined for 56 points over the last two games , as he continues to stay hot on the offensive side of the ball . Alec Johnson also had a nice night off the bench , scoring 17 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 0 - 0 FT ) and grabbing 3 rebounds . He 's now averaging 14 points and 8 rebounds on the year . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday , while the Jazz will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday .
The Orlando Magic ( 4 - 5 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 7 ) 101 - 99 in overtime on Sunday . Orlando has won seven straight games and 16 of their last 11 . Shabazz Napier led the way with 22 points and 0 - of - 2 three - point shooting night . The Magic were lead by Shabazz Napier , who put up 22 points , three assists , one rebound , and one three - pointer in 30 minutes off the bench . The Lakers shot 49 percent from the field and are now mired in a three - game losing streak . Nikola Vucevic recorded his 18th double - double , tallying 18 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 3 FT ) and eight rebounds in 28 minutes . Lou Fournier was close behind , scoring 16 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , to go along with three assists , one rebound and one steal in 42 minutes . D'Angelo Russell shot 6 - of - 15 from the field but finished with 14 points , six rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block in 31 minutes . Next up for the Magic is a trip to Miami for a game on Friday , where they will look to break their current four - game losing streak . The Magic will have a quick turnaround , finishing up their second in four games in a row against the Kings . The Magic begin a three - game road trip Monday against the Golden State Warriors .
The Houston Rockets ( 4 - 3 ) defeated the LA Clippers ( 4 - 2 ) 109 - 105 on Saturday . Chris Harden scored a game - high 46 points in 40 minutes . Teauge did a lot of his work at the free - throw line , connecting on all 13 of his attempts there . Josh Smith was the lone starter to record double - digits in points . Jordan finished with 11 points and 14 rebounds in 34 minutes . Houston will go on the road to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday . LA has lost two straight , and they were led by Blake Griffin , who put up 35 points , 11 rebounds and five assists in 38 minutes . Griffin was able to get to the free throw line eight times , converting on 7 - of - 8 free throws . J.J. Redick also had a nice game with 3 points , two rebounds and three assists . The Clippers have two days off before going on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday . The Clippers have fallen into seventh place in the Western Conference standings , and the absence of Paul might have been sidelined with the lingering back injury . Chris Paul had a double - double , putting up 46 points and nine assists in 38 minutes . It was his first double - double since the beginning of January , and it 's a bright spot in what has been a disappointing season for the Clippers . Clippers will host the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 111 - 103 , at Wells Fargo Center on Monday . The Spurs ( 40 - 12 ) learned earlier in the day that Anthony Davis would miss the contest with the hip injury that he suffered after a flagrant foul by the Knicks ' Kyle O'Quinn on Monday . However , that did n't deter them from notching their sixth road victory of the season on the strength of standout efforts from Davis ' replacement Kawhi Leonard and the surging Kawhi Leonard off the bench . The two combined for more than half of the Spurs ' points on the night , and San Antonio also shot 53 percent from the field overall . Leonard added five rebounds and five assists to his team - high scoring total . Parker complemented his aforementioned scoring total with six rebounds and a block . Tony Parker contributed a 18 - point , 5 - assist double - double , while Robert Covington produced 18 points and 11 boards . Dewayne Dedmon supplied 10 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and a block . T.J. McConnell filled out the stat sheet with six points , five assists , three rebounds and three steals . T.J. McConnell supplied six points , five assists , a rebound and three steals . Gerald Stauskas led the bench with 6 points and seven rebounds . The Sixers continue their trek through the Northeast with a Monday night visit to Philadelphia to face the Sixers , while the 76ers remain home to tangle with the inter - city rival Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday evening .
In a game with 11 ties and 11 lead changes in total , neither team led by more than eight points in this overtime thriller . Defense carried the Spurs , as they held the Pelicans to 39 percent shooting , while committing 16 turnovers . San Antonio 's bench was huge as well , outscoring New Orleans ' bench , 35 - 16 . Kawhi Leonard carried the Spurs , as he accumulated 31 points , seven rebounds , six assists and three steals . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team with 21 points , 15 rebounds and three blocks . Patty Mills provided 15 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals off the bench , while Pau Gasol amassed 12 points and eight rebounds off the pine as well . Anthony Davis led the Spurs with 29 points , nine rebounds and three assists . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 26 points , seven rebounds and five assists . DeMarcus Cousins accumulated 19 points , 24 rebounds and four assists . Patty Mills was huge off the bench , providing 15 points , two rebounds and two assists . The Spurs will host the Miami Heat for their next game on Monday . The Pelicans ( 47 - 13 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 18th win in 32 games at home . Jrue Holiday was the star , as he scored a game - high 31 points en route to becoming the sixth player in NBA history to reach 30,0 points . He also added eight rebounds on 7 - of - 18 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team with 21 points and 14 rebounds . Pau Gasol recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 9 rebounds .
The Indiana Pacers ( 29 - 34 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 21 - 44 ) 118 - 86 on Wednesday . A tightly - contested affair neverthless featured a fair share of mistakes from both teams , and the victorius Pacers were actually more of a guilty party . Indiana committed 13 turnovers , 13 of which came from the starting five . However , four players from the first unit also managed double - digit scoring , as did two reserves , providing the visitors with a balanced attack . The Pacers also managed a 53 percent success rate from the field overall , and played solid defense on Victor Oladipo 's three - point attempt in the closing seconds to prevent the go - ahead basket . Rookie Nikola Vucevic subsequently hauled in a pair of rebounds and an assist , while Nikola Vucevic contributed an 13 - point , 5 - rebound double - double . The Pacers are in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is 11 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head home to take on the Indiana Pacers on Monday night . Indiana was paced by Rodney Stuckey , who managed a game - high 34 points , and added seven rebounds , seven assists , a steal and a block . Harris followed with 22 points , six rebounds and a pair of assists . Elfrid Payton tallied 14 points , six rebounds , six assists , a steal and a block . Nikola Vucevic endured a tough shooting night against the Hornets on Friday , managing 14 points , five rebounds , six assists and a pair of steals . The Pacers remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Saturday .
Bradley Beal has been playing like an offensive juggernaut since returning from a hamstring injury that held him out for three games , and his 31 - point performance on Wednesday continued that trend . Since returning , Beal has been averaging 24 points while shooting 67 percent from the field overall . And while those numbers jump off the page , what may jump even higher off the page is the number of minutes he has been playing . Beal , who already has a rich injury history in this young season , has played at least 38 minutes in his last six games with the 41 he played against Sacramento being the highest he 's played all season . Head coach Scott Brooks has said that he needs Beal on the floor to give the Wizards a chance of winning the game , but with Beal failing to put together anything close complete NBA season in his career , the wear and tear on an already fragile body could be dangerous for a struggling Washington team . The Kings shot just 41 percent from the field , a dubiously low shooting percentage that seldoms come accompanied with a win . Only two Kings players scored in double figures , as Otto Porter , Otto Porter , Jr. led the team with 15 points . Beal shot 12 - of - 24 from the field , including 7 - of - 7 from three - point range , while also providing six rebounds and three assists . The Kings will host the Wizards on Saturday , while the Wizards will host the Portland Trail Blazers .
Bradley Beal 's season - high 41 points on 13 - of - 23 shooting led the way for Washington , which shot 53 percent from the field and 53 percent from three - point range in the high - scoring affair . Markieff Morris was second with 23 points , 12 of which came in the fourth quarter , while John Wall registered an 18 - point , 11 - assist double - double . Otto Porter and Marcin Gortat had nine points apiece . The Wizards finished the game on a 22 - 8 run to key the comeback victory at home . Blake Griffin 's 26 points paced the Clippers , while J.J. Redick checked in a rather distant second with 7 points . Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan both tallied double - doubles , with the former also dishing out 12 assists and the latter hauling in 17 boards . Marreese Speights and Austin Rivers were highly productive off the bench , turning in 14 and 13 points , respectively . The Clippers next game will be on Tuesday , when they play the Los Angeles Clippers , while the Clippers play a day off before visiting the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday . The Clippers play in the second half of a back - to - back , as they host the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday , while the Wizards host the 76ers for their next game on Friday . The Clippers ( 20 - 8 ) had won four of their last five games headed into this matchup , so a road win is just what the doctor ordered . Bradley Beal was the player of the game , as he tallied 41 points , three rebounds and three assists on 13 - of - 23 shooting . John Wall finished with 18 points , five rebounds and 11 assists . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points , 17 rebounds and two blocks . Marreese Speights got the start at point guard and scored 14 points in 12 minutes of action .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 11 - 11 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 16 - 11 ) 98 - 94 on Sunday . Damian LIllard ( foot ) sat out a fourth consecutive game , but the all star point guard was not needed , as the Blazers won the second game of a difficult back - to - back . Coming off a blowout performance against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday , Portland turned to C.J . Thompson to carry the weight at Sleep Train Arena . Lillard fell one assist shy of a triple - double and rounded out the box score to the tune of 22 points , six rebounds , five assists and three steals on 6 - of - 22 shooting . Wesley Collison added 13 points , three rebounds and one assist on 7 - of - 20 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge scored 10 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting across 14 minutes for the last time in 33 minutes . The Blazers have the fourth - worst record in the league and are still in danger of losing their top - 1 protected draft pick this summer . They’re two games behind the Philadelphia 76ers , the team the Kings would convey their pick to , for third - worst record . Omri Casspi , who returned to action Wednesday , led the way with 26 points on 10 - of - 19 shooting , including 1 - 2 from three - point range . Portland will continue their road trip with a visit to Memphis on Saturday as they return home to face the Portland Trail Blazers .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Orlando Magic , 111 - 92 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Hawks finished the game on a 23 - 8 run to open things up and win comfortably . They actually led for the majority of the game , as Orlando 's only lead lasted less than two minutes in the second quarter . Shooting was the big difference in the game , with Atlanta hitting 54 percent from the field and 53 percent from three - point range , while Orlando went 43 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range on their end . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , as the Hawks recorded more assists than the Magic , while committing less turnovers . The Hawks ( 19 - 16 ) are starting to rebound after a terrible December and dominant road wins like this show just how good they can be . Dennis Schroeder ran the offense at ease , accumulating 18 points , six rebounds and seven assists in the win . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 12 rebounds . Paul Millsap tallied 16 points , six rebounds , four assists and four steals . Kent Bazmore was second in scoring , dropping 17 points and handing out four assists . The Hawks will play again on Thursday in a road matchup against the New York Knicks .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Detroit Pistons , 118 - 103 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The Hornets ( 36 - 28 ) have shown drastic improvement this season , often giving teams all they can handle even on nights when they come up short . Their fighting spirit was on full display Saturday , as they came back from an 10 - point deficit in the fourth quarter to take a 118 - 103 lead with a 1 - 103 advantage in the final minute of the third quarter . That set up a nip - and - tuck fourth period that was decided in the final minute , when Charlotte outscored the visitors ( 33 - 32 ) by a 28 - 22 margin in the final period to seal the road win . Charlotte shot 51 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range , while seeing six players hit double digits in the scoring column . The visitors also shot 51 percent overall , while holding the Pistons to sub - 27 percent success rates from the field and three - point range . Tobias Harris was second on the visitors with a 20 - point , five - rebound double - double that also included one assist and three steals . Courtney Lee matched Lee 's point total and added six rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block . Cody Zeller totaled 10 points , four boards , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Andre Drummond provided a modest five points as well , adding nine rebounds , one assist and one block . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope paced the starting five with 24 points , two rebounds , one block and one steal . Kemba Walker tallied 16 points , eight assists , one rebound and one steal . Al Jefferson was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points , four rebounds , one block and one steal . The Pistons head back home to tangle with the Phoenix Suns on Sunday afternoon , while the Hornets head to the Nation 's Capital to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Tuesday evening .
The New York Knicks defeated the Indiana Pacers 87 - 81 Tuesday at Madison Square Garden . It was a rough start for the Knicks ( 27 - 41 ) , who scored just 24 points in the first quarter . Those struggles carried into the second quarter , and the team found themselves down by 10 at the half and they appeared ready to earn their fourth straight loss . A big second half , however , helped turn this around , and they managed to outscore the Pacers ( 34 - 33 ) by 16 in the second half en route to the victory . Carmelo Anthony led the way for New York , recording a double - double of 22 points and 13 rebounds in 41 minutes . Kristaps Porzingis struggled in the outing , shooting just 5 - of - 17 from the field en route to scoring 11 points , and to make matters worse , he left the game early in the fourth quarter and did not return due to a thigh bruise . As for Indiana , it was a forgettable shooting night for them in every aspect of the game . As a team , the Pacers shot just 37 percent from the field , 28 percent from behind the arc and 60 percent from the free throw line - - although they only attempted 15 shots at the charity stripe . Paul George led the way with over a quarter of the team 's points , finishing with 22 points on a rough 9 - of - 22 shooting performance from the field . Myles Turner was the only other Indiana player to score in double figures , with the big man notching a double - double of 17 points and 12 rebounds in 31 minutes . Up next , the Knicks will have a rematch with the Nets on Thursday , while the Pacers will head home Wednesday to play the Hornets .
Houston 's James Harden has been phenomenal as the Rockets have surged to third in the Western Conference , and the All-Star guard does not seem to be letting up . On Wednesday , Harden scored 19 points to go along with seven rebounds and 13 assists . The numbers were far from abnormal for Harden , however , as `` The Beard '' ranks fifth in the NBA in scoring and first in assists . The Rockets shot over 52 percent from the field , and , unsurprisingly , drained 17 three - pointers . Under coach Mike D'Antoni , Houston has become the top three - point shooting team in the NBA . Of course , this is due in part to the arrival of free agents Ryan Anderson and Cameron Payne . On Tuesday , Williams combined for 30 points , eight rebounds and nine assists . The Bulls ( 31 - 34 ) have now droppped three straight games and look poised to finish in seventh place in the Western Conference . The team shot 38 percent from the field and just 14 percent from three - point range . Overall , it was a fairly poor shooting night for Houston , as the team shot just 39 percent from the field and 14 percent from three - point range . Surprisingly , though , those issues did not stem from notoriously inefficient point guard Jimmy Butler . Butler shot 6 - of - 12 and scored 16 points , the most of any Bulls ' starter . Sophomore big man Rajon Rondo added 17 points , five rebounds , and four assists .
Kawhi Leonard finished with a game - high 24 points on efficient 9 - of - 12 shooting , to go along with two rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block , in 31 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge added 16 points on 6 - of - 14 shooting , along with six rebounds in 30 minutes in 30 minutes . Khris Middleton chipped in 19 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting , along with four assists and three rebounds , in 34 minutes . Five other players scored in double digits for the Spurs , including Jonathon Simmons , who added 18 points and Boris Diaw , who chipped in 14 points . Patty Diaw chipped in 14 points on 3 - of - 7 shooting , in 20 minutes off the bench . The Bucks were led by LaMarcus Aldridge , who finished with 16 points , four rebounds , two blocks , two assists and one steal , in 30 minutes . The Spurs will look to keep it rolling as they play host to the Nets on Monday . Meanwhile , the Bucks ( 14 - 22 ) have now dropped two straight and fall to 6 - 14 at home with this victory on the road . Only two players scored in double figures for San Antonio , led by Kawhi Leonard , who finished with 24 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting , including 3 - of - 5 from long range , along with two rebounds , two steals and one assist , in 31 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge followed up with 16 points and 11 rebounds , while LaMarcus Aldridge added 16 points , four rebounds and six assists .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 59 - 19 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 36 - 42 ) 114 - 111 on Wednesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta . The Hawks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nets 33 - 26 in the first quarter alone . The Nets were n't going to let that phase them though , and they slowly closed the gap throughout the second quarter and into the fourth . The Nets then went on a 90 run to start the fourth quarter to bring the score within five points , but the Hawks were able to hold off the comeback , and secure the victory in front of their home crowd . The Hawks were the superior shooters in this one , going 50 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets finished at 47 percent from the floor and just 27 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , Brook Lopez backed those words up , as he finished with a game - high of 26 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , to go along with 2 rebounds and two assists . Horford has really struggled with his shot of late , averaging 15 points over his last three games , while shooting 55 percent or higher from the field in four of his last five games . Joe Johnson finished with 21 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt ) and eight rebounds as well . The Nets ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Nets will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 18 - 12 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 18 - 13 ) 102 - 100 on Wednesday . Chicago has won four straight and seven of their last eight . Everything is looking good for the Bulls right now . They 're winning , and they were finally able to play back - to - back games with a fully healthy roster after struggling to have everyone available on the same night most of this season . Aaron Brooks returned to the starting lineup after missing the previous three games with a hip injury and had seven points in 13 minutes off the bench . The Bulls were without Derrick Rose ( hamstring ) , but Bobby Portis stepped up for the Bulls ' starting lineup , scoring 16 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting in 26 minutes . Pau Gasol entered the game averaging a double - double since the All-Star break but was held to eight points and five rebounds against the Grizzlies’ frontline . Jimmy Butler was once again the high - man man for Indiana with 28 points in 44 minutes . Paul George finished with 19 points , five rebounds and four assists on 7 - of - 15 shooting . Pau Gasol scored a team - high 13 points to go along with 11 rebounds and three blocks in 37 minutes . The Pacers will head home to take on the Phoenix Suns on Friday . The Bulls have three days off before they 'll host the Milwaukee Bucks on Monday . Indiana will go on the road to face the Denver Nuggets on Saturday .
The Miami Lakers ( 17 - 21 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 27 ) 78 - 75 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . The Lakers were down 81 - 78 following the third quarter , but were able to make a run in the final quarter , out - scoring the Lakers 17 - 22 to finish off the game and secure the six - point victory on the road . The Lakers were the superior shooters in this game , going 32 percent from the field and 13 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 32 percent from the floor and just 17 percent from beyond the arc . The Lakers were also able to force the Lakers into 20 turnovers , while committing just 12 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Lakers were led by Mario Chalmers , who went 7 - for - 16 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding three assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Lakers ' seven - game win streak . Chalmers on the other hand finished with 19 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , three rebounds and eight assists of his own . Considering he 's only averaging 8 points on the year , it was a nice suprise for the Lakers despite the loss . Coming just shy of a double - double , Kobe Bryant finished with 12 points ( 3 - 19 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and seven rebounds . He 's now averaging 12 points and 5 rebounds on the year . The Lakers ' next game will be on the road against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 107 - 84 , at Spectrum Center on Thursday evening . The Hornets ( 18 - 20 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process '' slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Charlotte , the already team winners of five of their previous six games , had one of their best performances of the season . The Hawks ( 23 - 16 ) were able to pierce Charlotte 's armor Wednesday , touching up Gregg Popovich 's crew for a season - high 84 points . Charlotte was led by Kemba Walker , who tallied 23 points , five assists , three rebounds , three steals and a block . Paul Millsap was right behind him with 20 points , five rebounds and two assists . Jeff Teague was next in line with 19 points , five rebounds , an assist and a block . Cody Zeller went for 19 points , 10 rebounds , an assist and a steal . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet with six points , 10 assists and two steals . Jeff Teague mustered a modest nine points but dished out a pair of assists and recorded a pair of steals . Kent Bazemore paced the reserves with 9 points , five boards , an assist and a block . Cody Zeller was next with 19 points , 10 rebounds , an assist , three blocks and a steal . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet with six points , 10 assists and two steals , two steals and a block . Marvin Williams rounded things out for the first unit with eight points , two boards and a steal . Cody Zeller was next with a 19 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , three blocks and a steal . Nicolas Batum pitched in with an 100 - point , 2 - assist double - double that also featured five rebounds , three steals and a block . Cody Zeller supplied 19 points , eight rebounds , an assist , three blocks and a steal . Jeff Teague filled out the stat sheet with nine points , three rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Nicolas Batum filled out the stat sheet nicely with a near double - double consisting of 6 points , nine rebounds , 10 assists and a pair of steals . The Hawks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are 6 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head to Brooklyn to take on the Nets on Tuesday night .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 5 - 13 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 15 ) 106 - 96 on Tuesday . Los Angeles snapped their three - game losing streak with the win . Nick Young paced the team with a season - high 19 points in 21 minutes off the bench . The Pistons were led by Josh Smith , who put up 18 points and six assists in 33 minutes . The Lakers will go on the road to face the Denver Nuggets on Friday . Detroit has lost their last two games , as they were navigating a murder 's row of the Clippers , Mavericks and Lakers . Jordan Hill scored a game - high 22 points in 31 minutes on the floor . The Lakers will finish their two - game road trip against the Atlanta Hawks on Monday . Detroit travels to New York to face the Knicks on Friday . Detroit has lost two straight , and with Al Jefferson ( groin ) expected to miss at least the next four weeks , it 's getting hard to find reasons to think the Pistons could climb back into the playoff conversation this season . Spencer Dinwiddie was the second starter in double figures , putting up 11 points and four rebounds in 30 minutes . Los Angeles will go on the road to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday . Detroit has lost four of their last five games . Isaiah Thomas missed his sixth straight game , putting the onus on Kobe Bryant and Kobe Bryant to step up in his absence . Bryant finished with 12 points , five rebounds and three assists in 33 minutes . The Pistons will return home to host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday .
The Utah Jazz ( 24 - 35 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 42 - 17 ) 93 - 82 on Saturday . Utah came into this game as a double - digit favorite and simply couldn’t hold off a bad Jazz team . The key for Utah was their shooting , as they shot 45 percent from the field and 60 percent from three - point range , while the Grizzlies shot 40 percent from the field and 27 percent from long distance . Memphis really buckled down in the fourth quarter though , as they held the Grizzlies to 21 points , while scoring 29 on their end . The key in this game was the Utah defense , as they held the Grizzles to 40 percent shooting and forced 11 turnovers . Another huge key was the low - post defense , as the Jazz combined for 17 blocks in their win . Memphis had to play this game without Marc Gasol , Zach Randolph , Mario Chalmers and Mike Conley and those injuries are just too difficult to overcome . Derrick Favors did step up in his absence though , as he accumulated 21 points , six rebounds and three assists . Marc Gasol tallied 17 points , eight rebounds and three assists of his own . Memphis will look to keep up this good form against the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday . This is a downright bad loss for the Grizzlies and they continue to fall deeper and deeper out of the playoffs . Gordon Hayward led the team with 21 points , while also dishing out five assists . Marc Gasol had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 17 points , eight rebounds and three blocks . Up next for the Jazz is a favorable matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Thursday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers , 119 - 108 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The third quarter was the difference for Golden State , as they outscored Philadelphia , 34 - 24 . Rebounding was also decisive , with Golden State winning that battle , 45 - 42 . The Warriors also won the shooting differential , hitting 45 percent of their shots to the 76ers 45 percent . The Warriors ( 50 - 9 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and losses like this are devastating for that pursuit . Klay Thompson led Philadelphia , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds and two assists . Draymond Green went just 5 - of - 23 from the field , but finished with 14 points , six rebounds and 11 assists . Robert Covington was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 15 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Klay Thompson was the best player , as he accumulated 21 points , three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Dario Saric finished with 15 points , six rebounds and five assists . Richaun Holmes came off the bench to provide 15 points and three rebounds . Klay Thompson scored 21 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Draymond Green recorded a triple - double , as he accumulated 14 points , six rebounds and 11 assists . Golden State will host the Boston Celtics on Saturday for their next game .
The Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 51 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 56 ) 119 - 107 on Friday at the Pepsi Center in Phoenix . The Suns got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Lakers 16 - 16 in the first quarter alone . The Suns were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 42 percent from the floor and just 26 percent from beyond the arc . The Suns also forced the Lakers into 10 turnovers , while committing 10 of their own . The Suns were led by the duo of Kobe Bryant and Devin Booker . Booker went 12 - for - 22 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding seven assists . He 's been scoring at a high rate lately , averaging 27 points over his last five games . Randle , on the other hand , recorded a double - double of his own , finishing with 19 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 5 - 4 FT ) , 3 rebounds and two steals . He 's had a nice three - game stretch , combining for 31 points and 56 rebounds over that span . Notching a double - double of his own , Julius Randle finished with 19 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and 15 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 56 points and 26 rebounds over his last two games . Mirza Teletovic was the third bench player to reach double - digit points , as he finished with 17 points . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the visiting Utah Jazz , 104 - 98 , in Game 2 of the Western Conference semifinals to even the series 16 at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Wednesday . The rout was on and it was on early for the Thunder , who came out firing on all cylinders . Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook were spectacular , as they have been all season and series long , but it was the role players who showed why . Durant led all scorers with 31 points , to go along with five rebounds , six assists , one steal and one block on 10 - of - 17 shooting . Hayward was not far behind , however , as he finished with 22 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting , in 41 minutes . Gordon Hayward led the Thunder in scoring with 22 points , to go along with four rebounds and one assist , to go along with a game - high 3 - of - 17 performance on the night . Alec Burks added 21 points , five rebounds and three assists on 8 - of - 22 shooting , while Enes Kanter added 10 points , six rebounds and one steal in 16 minutes off the bench . The Thunder will visit the Denver Nuggets ( 21 - 33 ) on Wednesday . The Jazz were unable to get any kind of scoring rhythm , even in the first half where they ended the second quarter down two points . The Utah starters proved to be the downfall , as only Alec Favors had one of his best performances of the season , scoring 14 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting in 42 minutes . Utah was led by Gordon Hayward who finished with 22 points , four rebounds and an assist on 8 - of - 17 shooting . Derrick Favors was not far behind , as he finished with 14 points , seven rebounds and five assists on 7 - of - 17 shooting . Russell Westbrook struggled shooting , going just 9 - of - 25 from the field and finished with 25 points , five assists and 11 rebounds on 9 - of - 17 shooting . Russell Westbrook struggled shooting , going just 9 - of - 25 from the field , and Westbrook pitched in 25 points , 11 rebounds and five assists . Both teams play on Saturday , as the Thunder host the Portland Trail Blazers , while the Thunder host the Dallas Mavericks .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Washington Hornets , 98 - 93 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The Hornets were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this lopsided result . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Hornets , as they led by 12 after the first quarter and by 25 headed into halftime . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , as Washington recorded eight more assists than the Hornets , while committing five less turnovers . The Hornets ( 30 - 27 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and losses like this are devastating for that pursuit . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 18 points , three rebounds and two assists . Kemba Walker was n't far behind , as he tallied 16 points , two rebounds and six assists . Marcin Gortat recorded a double - double , totaling 6 points and 15 rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic was the only other starter with more than four points , as he provided 12 points , three rebounds and two assists . The Hornets will be on the road for their next game on Saturday against the Phoenix Suns . The Hornets ( 42 - 39 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at Verizon Center . Bradley Beal scored a game - high 18 points , adding two assists and three steals on 6 - of - 14 shooting . John Wall was n't far behind , as he accumulated 19 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Marvin Williams went just 5 - of - 11 from the field , but finished with 16 points , eight rebounds and three steals . Frank Kaminsky also scored 14 points , adding four rebounds to his tally off the bench .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 36 - 19 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 34 - 20 ) 119 - 115 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . The Clippers got off to a quick start , out - scoring the Spurs 24 - 24 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Clippers also used their superior shooting to help coast to the win . They went 55 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Spurs finished at 51 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep . With the win , the Clippers remain a half game ahead of the streaking San Antonio Spurs for the fifth projected playoff seed in the West , while the Portland Trail Blazers still own a game lead over the Clippers for the fourth spot . The Clippers ' frontcourt was a huge factor in the win . Jamal Crawford led the way for the Clippers , scoring 26 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and dishing out five assists in 31 minutes . DeAndre Jordan had a monster double - double , finishing with 26 points ( 8 - 11 FG , 10 - 28 FT ) , 18 rebounds and three steals . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 56 points and 42 rebounds over his last two games . Jamal Crawford was the most effective bench player for the Spurs . He went 8 - for - 15 from the field and 5 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 26 points . He 's scored in double figures for three straight games now , after only doing it five times previously in the season . In his second game back from injury , Jamal Crawford finished with 14 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 26 minutes . The 14 rebounds were a new season - high for the forward . Tony Parker had a solid night as well , going 6 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to finish with 21 points , while adding two assists . The Clippers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Spurs will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Toronto Spurs defeated the Toronto Raptors , 108 - 106 , at AT & T Center on Tuesday . The Spurs were expected to win this game easily , but Toronto fought back for a huge road win . The Raptors really turned it on in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Raptors , 29 - 27 . The offense was extremely efficient , as San Antonio shot 45 percent from the field , while recording 20 assists . San Antonio actually led for over 67 minutes of this game , as the Raptors never led by more than four points . Scoring down low was huge for San Antonio as well , as they outscored Toronto , 45 - 36 in the paint . Kyle Lowry led the way for the Spurs , as he tallied 30 points , three rebounds and two assists . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team , totaling 21 points and seven rebounds . Jonas Valanciunas and David Lee both recorded double - doubles off the bench , as Mills totaled 11 points and 3 rebounds , while Patterson scored 12 points and six boards . On deck for the Raptors is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday . The Raptors ( 36 - 17 ) had lost seven - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Kyle Lowry was the player of the game , as he collected 30 points , three rebounds and two assists on 9 - of - 23 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge was second on the team , accumulating 21 points , seven rebounds and two assists on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Jonas Valanciunas amassed nine points and 13 rebounds en route to a double - double . Toronto will look to build off this win in a home matchup against the Oklahoma City thunder on Thursday .
Frontcourt depth was one of the biggest concerns for the Celtics heading into their 2016 - 19 season . And while for the most part , the play behind starer Deron Williams has been inconsistent at best , Kelly Olynyk is showing that he can be a legitimate reserve option for Boston with his play over the last three games . In Monday 's outing , Olynyk played 29 minutes off the bench and scored 10 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting from the field to go along with four rebounds . Now , over the course of Boston 's current three - game win streak , Olynyk has averaged 15 points and 4 rebounds over 26 minutes per game while shooting an impressive 5 - of - 19 ( 63 percent ) from the field . Then , in a game without Dwyane Wade and where his team needs him to come through once again , Williams lays Williams and kept the team on the line . Matthews finished with 62 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting from the field and 2 - of - 1 from behind the arc . Deron Williams ( knee ) also remained out , scoring 18 points and dishing out an assist in 34 minutes . Up next , the Celtics will look to extend their win streak to six against the Mavericks in New York on Wednesday , while the Mavericks will look to get back on the right track against the Warriors on Saturday . The Mavericks , on the other hand , will look to bounce back on the road against the Phoenix Suns on Saturday .
The Dallas Mavericks took down the host Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday , 101 - 89 . Dallas ( 10 - 23 ) has now won five of its last seven games and is looking like a team that could cause trouble in the wide - open eighth seed race in the Western Conference . After a 49 - point drubbing of the Lakers on Sunday , the Mavs handed a loss to another big - market team when the Lakers came to town . Forward Harrison Barnes contributed heavily to the win , leading the team with 17 points . The team also saw encouraging play from veteran big man Julius Randle , who tallied 18 points , four rebounds , and three assists across 28 minutes . The Mavericks were able to ride solid rebounding to a narrow victory , as they came away with an eight - board advantage at the end of the day . Los Angeles ( 12 - 24 ) lost its second straight in ugly fashion on Thursday . The team shot only 47 percent with six three - pointers and was massively out - rebounded . Power forward Julius Randle led the team with 18 points , but the remainder of the starting five combined for just 25 . Bench guard Jordan Clarkson also put together a decent outing , shooting 7 - of - 11 for 15 points . Los Angeles simply was lost on defense , however , as the team allowed 20 or more points in every quarter . Both teams will play on Saturday , with the Mavericks visiting Phoenix and the Lakers taking on the Clippers .
Andre Drummond notched his second straight and third 20/20 game of the season , with 23 points on 10 - 14 shooting and 14 rebounds , in 30 minutes . P.J . Tucker followed up with 16 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting , along with nine rebounds , three assists and three steals , in 33 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Pistons was Greg Monroe , who finished with 12 points . Meanwhile , six players scored in double figures for the Suns , including Markieff Morris , who finished with 17 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , in 32 minutes off the bench . Josh Smith was solid in the middle of the second half , finishing with 12 points , eight rebounds , two assists and two blocks , in 34 minutes . The Pistons will look to get back on track as they play host to the Lakers on Monday . The Suns ( 12 - 12 ) fell short . T.J. Dinwiddie was the high - point man for Phoenix , with 18 , on 8 - of - 12 shooting , to go along with five assists , in 32 minutes . Josh Smith followed up with 12 points , while shooting 1 - of - 2 from long range , to go along with eight rebounds and two assists , in 32 minutes . Greg Monroe and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope both chipped in 16 points , while Kentavious Caldwell-Pope added 14 points and two assists . The Pistons shot only 48 percent from the field and gave up 17 turnovers .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Toronto Raptors , 129 - 122 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . This was a game full of swings , as the Rockets made a huge comeback , despite playing with a depleted roster . After trailing by 16 points in the first quarter , Houston outscored Houston 34 - 36 in the second quarter to pull away in the comeback . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with Houston recording 27 assists to 15 turnovers , while Toronto committed 16 turnovers to just 19 assists . DeMar DeRozan had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 36 points , six rebounds and five assists . DeMarre Carroll was second on the team , scoring a season - high 26 points , adding eight rebounds to his best game of the year . Kyle Lowry continues to struggle for the Raptors , as he accumulated six points , five rebounds and six assists on 2 - of - 7 shooting . The Raptors will host the Washington Wizards on Saturday for their next game . The Raptors ( 24 - 9 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 25 tries . James Harden led the way for Houston , as he tallied 40 points , 10 rebounds and 11 assists . Trevor Ariza finished second on the team , amassing 17 points and seven rebounds . Trevor Ariza was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 17 points and seven rebounds . Montrezl Harrell was a beast off the bench , dropping 18 points on 12 - of - 13 from the field . DeMar DeRozan went step for step with Harden , accruing 36 points , six rebounds and five assists . DeMarre Carroll was second on the team , scoring a season - high 26 points , adding eight rebounds to his best game of the year .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 15 - 5 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 10 ) 121 - 120 on Friday . Los Angeles has won two straight games . They were paced by Blake Griffin , who put up 45 points , eight rebounds and two assists in 43 minutes . He was able to get to the free throw line a wopping 17 times , and converted on 15 - of - 17 attempts for the Suns in the contest . Blake Griffin was a major spark plug off the bench as he recorded his second double - double of the season , recording 10 points and 14 rebounds in 42 minutes . The Clippers shot 46 percent from the field and 43 percent from beyond the arc , as arguably the best shooting backcourt in the NBA came face - to - face with the arguably the best perimeter defense in the NBA . Chris Paul shot just 8 - of - 23 from the field en route to 20 points and 10 rebounds . The Clippers have taken the first two meetings with the Clippers this season . They will meet again on Feb. 27 . Phoenix was playing the second game of a back - to - back Wednesday after Tuesday 's 127 - 118 track meet in Phoenix . The Suns relied heavily on their three - point shooting , but to no avail as they shot just 5 - 44 from beyond the arc . The Clippers enter the break with the best record in the Western Conference . They 'll travel to Denver to take on the Nuggets on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 4 - 0 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 1 - 2 ) 93 - 81 on Tuesday thanks to some quality defense . This appeared to be an offensive - heavy game on paper , but the defenses showed up in a big way to make for a low - scoring grinder . Both teams failed to crack 39 percent shooting from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Grizzlies shot 41 percent from the field and 17 percent from long distance . The key for the Grizzlies was the free - throw shooting , as they went 50 percent from the charity stripe and 17 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was a big difference as well , with the Grizzlies snatching down 52 boards to the Pelicans 49 . The Pelicans had to play this game in the second half of a back - to - back set and it was clear this shorthanded roster couldn’t muster up the energy to win . In fact , New Orleans had just one player score more than 21 points , but four players finished with double - digits in points . Zach Randolph led the team , as he tallied 15 points and 11 rebounds in the defeat . The only other starter in double figures was Zach Allen , who amassed 15 points and 11 rebounds . Eric Gordon and Tayshaun Prince were the only bench players to feature and they all scored in double figures . These two teams will have a rematch on December 17 in Memphis .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 13 - 7 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 16 - 6 ) 105 - 101 on Monday . Cleveland has won four straight games , and in their last three games , they 've scored at least 118 points . Their offense is firing on all cylinders , and coach David Blatt is using unconventional lineups to get the work done . He 's regularly used LeBron James as the point guard . While James has always facilitated the offense , he has n't spent a lot of time at point guard , and using a 21 point performance in the regular month of January . James finished with 35 points , two rebounds and four assists on 12 - of - 21 shooting . His backcourt mate , Kyrie Irving , added 13 points , a rebound - high 10 assists and two steals in 42 minutes . Jonas Valanciunas scored 18 points and pulled down a game - high 15 rebounds in 37 minutes . The Raptors shot 49 percent from the field and 30 percent from beyond the arc . Jonas Valanciunas finished with a game - high 18 points to go with 15 rebounds over 37 minutes . The Raptors will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Toronto has lost two straight , and with Al Jefferson ( groin ) expected to miss at least the next four weeks , it 's getting hard to find reasons to think the Raptors could climb back in the playoff conversation . The Raptors will return home to host the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 30 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 19 - 51 ) 103 - 97 on Saturday . Memphis came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Zach Randolph returned from a seven - game absence and was clearly the star , as he recorded his first career triple - double . The key for the Grizzlies was the rebounding , as they snatched down 45 rebounds to the Suns 45 . Los Angeles hasn’t been playing their best ball recently and this may be their worst loss in that stretch . Devin Booker did n't have his best game from the field , as he scored a team - high 18 points on 5 - for - 13 shooting . Brandon Knight had a nice all - around game as well , as he accumulated 18 points , four rebounds and five assists in the defeat . Jon Leuer was the only other player in double figures , as he scored 13 points while grabbing five boards of his own . It doesn’t get much easier for Phoenix , as they travel to play the Golden State Warriors on Saturday in their next game . The Grizzlies played one of their best games of the season here to win their fourth game in their last four . Rookie Devin Booker continued his fantastic form , as he tallied 18 points , two assists and four rebounds in the win . Lance Stephenson also played well , as he amassed 16 points , two rebounds and three steals in the defeat . The Suns have now won nine of their last 12 and they 'll look to keep that momentum going against the San Antonio Spurs on Friday .
The Golden State Warriors ( 50 - 5 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 31 - 27 ) 102 - 92 on Monday at Oracle Arena in Oakland . Coming into this game , this was a matchup between the leaders of each respective conference . The Warriors were n't phased though , and dominated the Hawks in all aspects of the game . The Warriors shot better , going 44 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went 42 percent from the floor and 29 percent from beyond the arc . The Warriors were also able to force the Hawks into 17 turnovers , while committing only 13 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Warriors were led by Stephen Curry , who went 14 - for - 22 from the field and 5 - for - 11 from the three - point line to finish with a team - high of 36 points , while adding six rebounds and eight assists in just 36 minutes . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 28 points and 13 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 16 points and 12 rebounds on the season . Al Green really struggled with his shot , as he went 4 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to finish with 6 points . The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Phoenix Suns on Friday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the visiting Atlanta Hawks , 95 - 68 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Friday . The Hawks rarely get blown out , but they ran into a buzz saw here with a trip to Utah . The Jazz held the Hawks to just 31 percent shooting and a season - low 68 points . Atlanta really struggled in the middle quarters , scoring just 25 combined points in the second and third quarters . Rebounding was key for Utah , as they won that battle , 55 - 40 . The Jazz held the dynamic Atlanta starters to just 37 points on 14 - of - 51 shooting . Atlanta ( 8 - 6 ) is in a bit of a slump right now and they 'll hope this blowout loss is rock - bottom . Dennis Schroder led the team in scoring , as he recorded 16 points and three steals on an inefficient 6 - of - 19 shooting . Paul Millsap was the only other starter with more than four points , as he tallied 11 points and five rebounds on 5 - of - 11 shooting . Thabo Sefolosha led the bench , dropping 11 points and seven rebounds . Atlanta will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers . Utah ( 9 - 8 ) have the number - one defense headed into this matchup and they showed why in this blowout win . Gordon Hayward led the Jazz in scoring , totaling 24 points and seven rebounds . George Hill was one point shy of Hayward , as he finished with 23 points and five rebounds of his own . Rudy Gobert took just two shots , but finished with a 10 - point , 10 - rebound , five - block double - double . Trey Lyles also recorded a double - double , amassing 13 points and 10 rebounds off the bench . Utah will be off until Monday , when they play the Minnesota Timberwolves on the road .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 48 - 31 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 29 - 50 ) 144 - 143 on Saturday at the Pepsi Center . Dallas came into this game as a four - point underdog and walked away with a huge road win . This game kept the Mavericks within two games of the final playoff spot in the West and it took an extra session to do so . The Mavericks led for the majority of the game , as the final score could indicate a game . There were a ton of swings in this game and it was nip - and - tuck throughout . The ball movement was the big difference for the Mavericks , as they recorded 39 assists to the Nuggets 29 . The Nuggets have been playing competitively lately , but this was not one of those games . This sort of performance exemplifies which directions these two franchises are going right now and Denver is in a lot of trouble right now . The starters amassed just 54 points in this game and that simply wo n't get it done in the NBA . One bright spot is the strong play of Raymond Felton though , as he tallied 13 points , four rebounds , five assists and two steals in the win . This team has been playing better lately and this is a tough task playing in Dallas for a hungry Mavericks team . The Nuggets have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Richard Jefferson was the hero on the night though , as he led the team with 24 points in the win . Richard Jefferson was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and 11 boards . Denver will look to bounce back in their next game against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 23 - 20 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 14 - 28 ) 106 - 92 on Tuesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . After suffering a tough 99 - 92 loss in game number one on Monday , the Cavaliers were able to bounce back with a convincing 15 - point victory in game two . The Cavaliers got off to a really strong start , out - scoring the Jazz 31 - 20 right away in the first quarter . The Cavaliers did n't let off the gas either , as they never trailed in this game . Along with the quick start , the Cavaliers were also the superior shooters . They finished at 52 percent from the field and 21 percent from the three - point line , while the Jazz went 42 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , LeBron James backed those words up , as he finished with a game - high of 26 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 10 - 14 FT ) , to go along with seven rebounds , nine assists and four steals . James did n't even hit a three - pointer , but he was still able to get to the hoop and score as he pleased . It was clear he planned on taking over from the start and if he can continue to have this type of impact , the Cavaliers should be very tough defeat , even without Kevin Love . Kyrie Irving had a relatively quiet night . He went 5 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding three assists . After taking double - digit shot attempts in all five of his previous playoff games coming into this one , Irving had just nine field goal attempts Wednesday , although he was able to consistently force his way to the free throw line . Irving was able to take a backseat to James , who readily took this game over from the start . So far this postseason , Irving is averaging 24 points and 10 assists over six games . J.R. Smith finished with 15 points ( 5 - 16 FG , 2 - 11 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and seven rebounds as well . The Cavaliers ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday , while the Jazz will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
James Harden 's numbers have been off the chart , as the point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers has dropped multiple 16 - plus assist games this season , and added another one against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday . The impressive box score effort also played a major role in rallying his team to a difficult victory . While Tony Parker ( knee ) was sidelined for another game , James Harden once again led the team in scoring , rebounds , posting 41 points on 13 - of - 20 shooting and Irving finished with 41 points . It was an overall efficient night for the team , as the team shot over 48 percent from the field and hit 11 three - pointers . For Houston , meanwhile , it was a one - man show starring superstar James Harden . Though James played well below his season averages , he still led the team with 41 points and 15 assists . He also went a perfect 10 - of - 14 at the free - throw line . For Houston , meanwhile , it was a slower night on offense , as the team hit only 48 percent of its shots . The Rockets ' backcourt of LeBron James and Kevin Love appeared to make up for some of the slack , however , as sophomore superstar Kyrie Irving posted a team - high 32 points . Irving also contributed 2 steals and dished out a assists . As a team , the Rockets shot over 48 percent and struggled from three - point range . The Rockets will host the Pistons on Thursday while the Rockets will take on the Kings .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 105 - 84 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday . Indiana came into this game as a sizable favorite and they did n't disappoint . The Pistons had just one leads in this game that lasted less than a minute and the final one at the end of the second quarter was followed up by a 56 - 14 margin for the Pacers to open things up . The Pacers offense was hot all night , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 29 percent from three - point range . They were extremely efficient as well , with the Pistons forcing just six turnovers , while committing 6 on their end . Indiana dominated in the paint too , winning that battle , 48 - 27 . The Pistons ( 23 - 28 ) are in a bit of a rut right now , as this marks their third loss in their last four games . Paul George carried the load , as he tallied 21 points , three rebounds and four assists in the win . Andre Drummond was second on the team , finishing with 13 points , nine rebounds and one steal . C.J . Miles led the bench with 13 points , while C.J . Miles provided 13 points , three rebounds and an assist off the pine . On deck for Indiana is a home matchup versus the Toronto Raptors on Saturday . The Pacers ( 28 - 22 ) are now 18 - 5 at home , as they continue to thrive in Bankers Life Fieldhouse . Paul George was the player of the game , as he accumulated 21 points , three rebounds and four assists . Lavoy Allen led the bench with matching 13 points , six rebounds and three blocks . These two teams will have a rematch on December 27 in Indiana .
The Indiana Pacers ( 13 - 21 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 17 - 17 ) 94 - 91 on Wednesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Indiana . The Pacers were the superior shooters in this game , going 43 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 43 percent from the floor and a meager 29 percent from beyond the arc . Despite being out - rebounded 43 - 45 , the Pacers forced the Bucks into 12 turnovers , while committing only 15 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Pacers were led by C.J . Miles , who went 8 - for - 9 from the field and 6 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding four rebounds and two blocked shots . After shooting just 23 percent ( 5 - 22 FG ) from the field on Friday , it was good to see him get back on track , although he did n't grab as many rebounds as he normally does . CJ Miles led the Pacers off the bench with 22 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 6 - 9 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) of his own . He 's been a scoring machine thus far this season , averaging 27 points over his first 10 games of the season . John Antetokounmpo did n't have his best shooting performance , going 14 - for - 8 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 6 points . It was n't his best shooting performance , but he was able to get to the free throw line at a high rate . In the two games since returning from the All-Star break , he 's combined for 17 points , six rebounds and six assists . The only other Buck in double - digit points was Donald Sloan , who recorded 10 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) and six assists off the bench . The Pacers ' next game will be on the road against the New York Knicks on Thursday , while the Bucks will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers , 113 - 95 , at American Airlines Arena on Monday . The recent form of these teams would indicate a Miami blowout , but that simply was n't the case in this close - fought battle . A 24 - 8 run spanning between the second and third quarter was the decisive stretch , as that swung a double - digit lead for the Pacers into a 12 - point lead for the Heat . Despite there being just two ties and three lead changes , neither team led by more than 15 points , as it was a single - digit margin for well over 40 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Miami going 14 - of - 29 from long range , while Indiana went just 8 - of - 15 . The Heat also dominated the fastbreak points , winning that battle , 16 - 3 . Goran Dragic was the player of the game , as he tallied 21 points , two rebounds and four assists . Myles Turner totaled 18 points , seven rebounds , three blocks and three steals . Jeff Teague accrued 16 points and six assists . Paul George was the Heat best player , accumulating 21 points , two rebounds , four assists and two steals . Dion Waiter was just as good , collecting 22 points , three rebounds and three assists . James Johnson led the team in scoring off the bench , collecting 21 points , two rebounds and four assists . Indiana will look to play better on Saturday in a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans .
John Wall spearheaded a balanced effort for the Wizards that saw all five members of their starting five tally double - digit scoring . The All-Star point guard posted 26 points , 14 assists , six rebounds , a steal and a block . Markieff Morris followed with 19 points , five rebounds , two assists and three steals . Michael Carter-Williams managed a near double - double , supplying 14 points , hauling in seven boards , dishing out an assist and recording a block . Jerian Grant provided nine points , six rebounds , six assists and a steal . Jerian Grant provided nine points , two rebounds , six assists and a steal , while Jerian Grant generated nine points , two rebounds , six assists and one steal in 25 minutes off the bench . John Wall led the way for the Bulls with a game - high 26 points , which he supplemented with six rebounds , 14 assists , one steal and one block . Bradley Beal was next with 19 points , three boards , three assists and one block . Michael Carter-Williams managed 14 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Rajon Rondo totaled 12 points , six assists , four rebounds and three steals . The Bulls head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Friday night , while the Wizards head down to South Florida to take on the Miami Heat on Tuesday evening as well . The Wizards head to Charlotte to take on the Hornets on Friday night . The Wizards next head to the Verizon Center to take on the Raptors on Friday night , while the Wizards visit the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday night .
The Atlanta Jazz ( 4 - 3 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 3 - 6 ) 100 - 97 on Wednesday at Energy Solutions Arena in Salt Lake City . The Jazz have n't been able to find their flow as a team thus far , and they took their second straight loss Wednesday . The Hawks were led by the duo of Jeff Teague and Kyle Millsap in this one . Millsap shot 13 - for - 23 from the field and 4 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding 17 rebounds and two blocked shots . It was a career - high in both points and blocks for Millsap , as he continues to make his case for a larger role come next season . Starting alongside Favors , Derrick Favors had a solid outing as well , recording 20 points ( 9 - 11 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds and two steals . Like Millsap , he 's turned it on offensively of late , scoring 9 or more points in four out of his last five games . Kyle Korver really struggled with his shot in this one , as he went 5 - for - 10 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 17 points . It was his third straight double - double , as he 's averaged 27 points and 11 rebounds over that span of games . Coming off the bench , Alec Burke struggled in this one , going 5 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 22 points . The Jazz ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Jazz will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 3 - 1 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 0 - 4 ) 98 - 90 on Friday . Derrick Rose sat out the game as a precaution . He sprained his ankle in Friday 's loss to the Cavaliers . Rose was originally listed in the starting lineup before being removed just before tip - off . He said he could have played if the game was a must - win but that it 's more important to make sure he does n't injure himself further at this time of the season . Aaron Brooks started in place of Derrick Rose , who sat out with a shoulder injury . Brooks put up 13 points and eight assists in 30 minutes of action . The Bulls shot 47 percent from the field and 47 percent from beyond the arc as a team . Orlando had three players finish in double - digits scoring , as Jimmy Butler scored 7 ( 7 - 15 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 11 FT ) to go with three rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Elfrid Payton made his return to the starting lineup after a three - game absence due to a sore knee . He finished with nine points and seven rebounds in 32 minutes . Rookie K.J.McDaniels came off the bench and shot 4 - for - 6 from the field in just 12 minutes on the floor . The Bulls ' next game is on the road against the Washington Wizards on Monday . The Magic 's next game is on the road Monday against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 34 - 19 ) routed the Detroit Pistons ( 21 - 33 ) 104 - 87 on Wednesday . San Antonio has been flying slightly under the radar all season due to the remarkable success of the Golden State Warriors in their very same conference . However , the gap between the two teams continues to close , with the Warriors beginning to amass a few losses and the Spurs upping their already impressive level of play even further . With Sunday 's dominating win , San Antonio is now 240 at home , and have a franchise - record 10 victories by a margin of 37 points or greater . They suffocated Detroit over the last three quarters , outscoring them by a margin of 98 - 100 over that span . Additionally , D.J . Augustin paced all scorers with 22 points , which he supplemented with six assists and three rebounds . Tony Parker , who 'd been hospitalized in recent days with an illness , posted 17 points , three rebounds , six assists and a block . Manu Ginobili paced the reserves with 13 points , three assists and a rebound . The Pistons remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Monday . San Antonio was led by Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 's 20 points , which he complemented with three rebounds , a pair of assists and a steal . Tony Parker followed with 17 points , six assists and three rebounds . Andre Drummond contributed a 10 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included a block . Kawhi Leonard contributed a 17 - point , 6 - rebound double - double , his second straight game with three steals and a block . Manu Ginobili pitched in with 13 points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal . Manu Ginobili paced the bench with 13 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal . The series now shifts back to the Air Canada Centre for Game 7 on Tuesday night .
The Chicago Bulls ( 30 - 17 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 36 - 7 ) 113 - 111 on Sunday . The importance of the rather unlikely road victory for Chicago can not be underscored , as the Warriors had come in to the contest having dropped three of their previous four games and in tangible danger of losing their grip on the eighth seed in the conference . Further dampening their prospects was the Warriors ' formidable defense , as well as the 12 - game home winning streak they carried into the Sunday night affair . Despite the rather long odds and a 61 - 51 halftime deficit , the visitors rallied on the strength of a typically remarkable effort from Klay Thompson , who poured in a season - high 30 points ( 4 - 33 FG , 4 - 12 3Pt , 0 - 12 FT ) . Steph Curry was right behind him with 21 points ( 9 - 23 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , nine rebounds and nine assists , in 43 minutes . Pau Gasol tallied a double - double with 18 points and 16 rebounds , along with eight assists and four blocks , in 41 minutes . Joakim Green shot a convincing 4 - 12 from the field on his way to 18 points , along with seven rebounds and four assists , in 39 minutes . The Warriors shot a poor 43 percent from the field but managed to hold the Warriors to an even lower 43 percent , which allowed them to storm off with their 18th road win . The Warriors entered this game 3 games out of eighth spot in the East and this loss only dampens their chances of catching up , however they did see a huge plus - side in the performances of young stars David Lee and David Lee . Lee was fantastic in the win , scoring 24 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) to go with nine rebounds , six assists and a block . Harrison Barnes added 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , five rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 40 minutes .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 21 - 21 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 21 - 45 ) 96 - 99 on Sunday at the Smoothie King Center in Oklahoma City . The Timberwolves got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Thunder 21 - 21 in the first quarter alone . The Thunder were the superior shooters , going 43 percent from the field and 22 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went 43 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from beyond the arc . While they may not have had the shooting advantage , the Thunder did it elsewhere , as they out - rebounded the Thunder 54 - 37 and forced them into 12 turnovers , while committing only 24 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . With the win , the Thunder remain a half game ahead of the streaking San Antonio Spurs for the fifth projected playoff seed in the West , while the Portland Trail Blazers still own a game lead over the Clippers for the fourth spot in the West . The Thunder got the bulk of their production from their backcourt duo of Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook . Westbrook went 11 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 26 points , while also adding six rebounds and a blocked shot . Over his last five games , he 's now boasting averages of 29 points , 8 rebounds and 4 blocks , while shooting 44 percent from the field . Karl-Anthony Towns was another big reason the team had some decent production . He went 8 - for - 19 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also grabbing nine rebounds . It was a season - high in points for Dieng and a nice surprise for the Thunder , as he 's averaging only 13 points per game so far this season . Gorgui Kanter added a double - double of his own , adding 25 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 14 rebounds . It was his fifth double - double of the season . Coming off the bench , Enes Kanter recorded 17 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and 14 rebounds in 21 minutes .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 3 - 3 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 3 - 3 ) 104 - 84 on Friday . Kevin Durant sat out the game as a precautionary measure . He sprained his ankle in Thursday 's game , and while Durant wanted to play , the Thunder do n't want him trying to compensate for his sprained ankle , putting himself at risk of reinjuring his surgically repaired foot . Kevin Durant led the way with a team - high 36 points , and the Thunder shot a woeful 37 percent from the field and 21 percent from beyond the arc . They lost the first three quarters of the game , thoroughly taking their drubbing from the Thunder . Mike Conley had a terrific game with 36 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and one steal . The Grizzlies ' three - game losing streak finally came to an end Thursday as the Grizzlies shot 49 percent from the floor and 21 percent from three . The Grizzlies have won two of three and will look to keep it going Friday against the Magic . Memphis has now dropped four of its last five games . Zach Randolph was questionable coming into the game with an illness but was able to play through it to score a team - high 36 points in 24 minutes . Tayshaun Prince made his return from a knee injury to finish with a team - high 0 points . Kendrick Perkins saw his first minutes as a Cavalier on Tuesday , although he was only on the floor for two minutes . The Grizzlies will return to action Saturday against the Magic .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 12 - 12 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 8 - 11 ) 109 - 103 on Tuesday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . Portland got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Timberwolves 22 - 32 in the first quarter alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went 46 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were also able to force the Timberwolves into 14 turnovers , while only committing 14 of their own . The Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Karl-Anthony Towns . Towns went 13 - for - 21 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding 12 rebounds and two blocked shots . It was a season - high in points for him and a nice surprise as he 's averaging only 9 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a triple - double , Damian Lillard finished with 19 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , seven assists and a steal . This was the first time he failed to reach double figures in points since December fifth , although he made up for it with a new season - high in rebounds . Al-Farouq Aminu had a solid showing as well , going 5 - for - 7 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 16 points , while adding three rebounds . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 7 assists over those two games . Ed Davis added 15 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 7 - 3 FT ) and five rebounds of his own . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday , while the Timberwolves will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in overtime , 103 - 93 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday evening . The Pacers ( 9 - 6 ) came in to Tuesday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Pacers ( 6 - 6 ) jumped out to a 19 - point lead after the first quarter . However , Indiana roared back to outpace the visitors by a 59 - 41 margin over the second and third periods , before seeing the Pacers make a comeback over the final 9 minutes . Both teams saw their first units come through , as each boasted four double - digit scorers among their respective starting five . Irving led the way with 24 points , seven assists , two rebounds and a steal . He was next with a 24 - point , 2 - rebound , five - assist triple - double that also included two steals and a block . Thaddeus Young was next with 16 points , six rebounds , an assist and a steal . Myles Turner turned in a 12 - point , nine - rebound effort that also included a block . Myles Turner supplied a 12 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included four steals , four blocks and a steal . Myles Turner mustered 12 points , nine rebounds , four blocks , three blocks and one steal . Miles led the way for Indiana with 20 points , four rebounds , eight assists , one steal and one block . Thaddeus Young managed 16 points , six rebounds , one assist and one steal . C.J . Miles led the second unit with 10 points , one rebound and one block . The Pacers head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Friday night , while the Pacers remain home to face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday evening .
The Utah Jazz ( 3 - 4 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 2 - 4 ) 97 - 96 on Monday at the US Airways Center in Utah . This was a battle of current Eastern Conference bottom feeders , as both teams came in looking for their first victory of the 2014 - 10 season . In a sloppy game , both teams committed over 11 turnovers , but the Jazz were able to hold off the comeback and secure the victory in front of their home crowd . The Jazz shot 46 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Pistons shot 46 percent from the floor and 26 percent from beyond the arc . The Jazz were led by the duo of Brandon Jennings and Greg Monroe , who combined to shoot 53 percent from the floor . Jennings led the way with a team - high of 23 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , to go along with five assists and a steal . Greg Monroe had a big game , scoring 19 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 3 - 5 FT ) and grabbing 11 rebounds . He had gone a combined 17 - for - 31 from the field over his last two games , so it was good to see him get dialed in on Saturday . The Jazz 's next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday , while the Pistons will travel to Atlanta to play the Hawks on Monday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 47 - 27 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 50 ) 99 - 79 on Wednesday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . The Clippers got off to a quick start , out - scoring the Timberwolves 27 - 17 right away in the first quarter . The Clippers were the superior shooters in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went 35 percent from the floor and just 35 percent from beyond the arc . The Clippers were also able to force the Timberwolves into 16 turnovers , while only committing seven of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Clippers were led by Chris Paul and Chris Paul . Paul went 6 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding 16 rebounds and 0 blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 31 points and 27 rebounds over his last two games . J.J. Redick was also a huge factor in the win . He finished with 17 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 4 - 12 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , three rebounds and three steals in 27 minutes of action . It was a new season - high in points for him and J.J. Reddick , who shot 6 - for - 15 from the field and 4 - for - 12 from the three - point line , but managed 0 points in 31 minutes of his own . The Clippers ' next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Wednesday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday .
Russell Westbrook 's sixth triple - double spearheaded the win . The perennial All-Star was only 6 - of - 35 from the floor but managed 35 points , 14 assists , 14 rebounds and a pair of steals . Bradley Beal checked in with 31 points , five rebounds , an assist and two steals . Markieff Morris and Otto Porter , Jr. produced matching 11 - point efforts , with the former adding five boards and the latter supplying six rebounds , one assist , three steals and one block . Domantas Sabonis furnished 10 points , five rebounds , two assists , two steals and one block . Andre Roberson paced the second unit with 10 points , five boards , two blocks and one steal . Russell Westbrook posted a 35 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and two steals . Victor Oladipo supplied 25 points , six rebounds , six assists and one steal . Otto Porter , Jr. bounced back from a scoreless opener over 19 minutes Wednesday to generate a full stat line of 19 points , seven rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Steven Adams posted a 12 - point , 6 - rebound double - double that also included two assists . The Andre Roberson supplied 10 points , five rebounds , two blocks , two steals and two blocks . The Wizards remain on the road and head to the Lone Star State to do battle with the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night , while the Wizards remain home and await the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening as well .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 13 - 3 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 6 - 10 ) Monday 91 - 80 at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs continued their dominance at home , extending their home record this season to 160 . The Nuggets hung with San Antonio in the first half , but the home team proved to be too much for the visitors in the second 25 minutes , outscoring Denver by 10 points . The Spurs were led once again by Kawhi Leonard , who finished with a game - high 25 points , seven rebounds , six assists and four steals in 32 minutes , while Danilo Gallinari added 16 points , 10 rebounds and two steals in 35 minutes . Tony Parker scored 13 points on 6 - of - 7 shooting to go along with five assists and one rebound in 25 minutes off the bench . For the Nuggets , it was Kawhi Leonard who led the way , scoring 25 points ( 21 - 18 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) to go with seven rebounds , six assists , four steals and five blocks in 32 minutes . Danilo Gallinari also stuffed the stat sheet , posting 16 points , 10 rebounds and five assists in 35 minutes , while Tony Parker recorded 13 points ( 6 - 7 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) , five assists and one rebound in 25 minutes . Will Barton came off the bench to score 12 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , to go with nine rebounds , two assists and two steals in 29 minutes . Danilo Gallinari led the Nuggets in scoring with 16 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) , to go with 10 rebounds and one assist in 35 minutes . Emmanuel Parker had 13 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) , one rebound , five assists and one block in 25 minutes . Will Barton scored 12 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , to go with nine rebounds , two assists and two steals in 29 minutes off the bench . The Nuggets will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday , while the Nuggets will stay home to face the Miami Heat on Tuesday .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Philadelphia 76ers 113 - 95 Wednesday at American Airlines Center . The Mavericks ( 19 - 30 ) steamrolled their way to a fourth straight victory as they continue to be much - improved since the start of the new year . They have now won five of their last six games and boast a 9 - 6 record in 2017 . A major part of this run has been the play of Seth Curry , who scored a game - high 22 points Wednesday on top of six assists , four steals and three rebounds . It was his ninth game since the start of the new year with at least 15 points . The surprise performance of the night , however , came off the bench from Salah Mejri , who played just 21 minutes as a reserve but recorded 16 points and a game - high 17 rebounds in that time . Devin Harris also had a solid day off the bench , scoring 14 points in just 19 minutes . As for the 76ers ( 18 - 30 ) , they 've cooled off a bit since their hot start to January , as they have now lost three of their last four games after Wednesday 's defeat . Jahlil Okafor put together a solid offensive performance in the loss , scoring 16 points in 24 minutes , but it 's clear that Philadelphia is missing the inside presence of Joel Embiid , who has now missed five of the last six games with a knee contusion . Ersan Ilyasova added a double - double of 13 points and 10 rebounds , but overall for the 76ers , it was a forgettable night offensively . The team ended up shooting just 46 percent from the field and 27 percent from behind the arc while committing 21 total turnovers . Up next , the Mavericks will look to continue their winning ways against Portland on Friday , while the 76ers will travel Thursday to San Antonio .
The Phoenix Suns ( 27 - 20 ) beat the Washington Wizards ( 31 - 16 ) 106 - 98 on Friday . The Suns came into this game as a rare road favorite and couldn’t muster up enough for a win . The key for Phoenix was their rebounding , as they brought down 41 boards to the Wizards 50 . The Suns shot 46 percent from the field , while holding Washington to just 42 percent on their end . The rebounding was huge for Phoenix as well , as they snatched down 41 rebounds to the Wizards 50 . Washington has now had two dud performances in a row , which is quite concerning considering they appeared to be turning things around just last week . They had to play this game without Bradley Beal again , as he recovers from a facial injury and potential concussion . John Wall did all he could here , as he scored 11 points and dished out seven assists in a great game . John Wall also played well , as he accumulated 11 points , seven assists and seven rebounds in the win . Isaiah Thomas also had a nice game , as he amassed 18 points , four assists and seven rebounds in the win . Up next for the Suns is a date with the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday . Washington has been let down by their defense all season and it let them down once again in this matchup . Goran Dragic led the team in scoring , dropping 20 points and dishing out two assists . Goran Dragic continued his good form as well , as he amassed 20 points , four assists and seven rebounds . Up next for Washington is a matchup with the Utah Jazz on Thursday .
Andrew Wiggins has established himself as a pure scorer in the NBA , but his field goal percentage this season - - 33 percent - - is likely lower than the Timberwolves would like . However , over this hot stretch where Minnesota has won five of their last six games , Wiggins has not only been scoring at a high rate , but an efficient rate as well . Following his 29 - point performance Tuesday against the Kings , Wiggins has averaged 34 points per game over the last six games after a so - so start to January . But more importantly , Wiggins shot over 47 percent from the field five times in those six game - - those five times led to five wins for the Timberwolves , while in the one game he shot a lesser 32 percent from the field , Towns is averaging just 5 - of - 11 from the field and has failed to reach double - digit points in four of his last five outings . Overall , in that matchup , the Timberwolves had six players score in double figures and a total of just 13 points for the team 's starting five . Up next , the Timberwolves will look to keep things rolling in Memphis against the Grizzlies on Friday , while the Kings will look to get back on the right track against the Warriors on Thursday in the first game of a four - game home stand . The Kings host the Clippers on Thursday , while the Kings play the same day when they host the Toronto Raptors .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 19 - 32 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 16 - 37 ) 116 - 102 on Friday . The game was a testament to the perseverance and marksmanship of the visiting Pelicans , who shook off a 22 - 22 first - quarter explosion by the Timberwolves that had the home crowd buzzing . New Orleans returned the favor by incredibly doubling up Minnesota in the second period , 35 - 24 , on the strength of a barrage of three - point shots . While the Timberwolves did an excellent job of completely taking Karl-Anthony Towns out of the equation , Davis did n't disappoint , tallying 27 points , eight rebounds , an assist and a block . However , it was a balanced attack for the Pelicans , who had all five members of their first unit hit double digits in the scoring column . Anthony Davis led the way for the visitors with a game - high 27 points , along with eight rebounds , an assist and two steals . Ryan Anderson was next with 15 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Ricky Rubio managed 11 points , seven assists and five rebounds . However , Dante Cunningham and Dante Cunningham , the other two members of the starting five , could only combine for 12 points between them . Norris Cole led the second unit with 14 points , three rebounds and an assist . Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home against the Chicago Bulls on Wednesday night . New Orleans was led by Anthony Davis , who managed 27 points , six rebounds , nine assists and three steals . Ryan Anderson was next with 15 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Ricky Rubio followed with 11 points , seven assists , five rebounds and a block . Nemanja Bjelica contributed a double - double off the bench , with 10 points , four rebounds , an assist and three blocks . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday night . New Orleans was paced by Davis ' 27 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . No other starter managed double - digit scoring , but the bench saw four players accomplish the feat . The reserves were paced by Ryan Wiggins , who managed 26 points , two assists , three rebounds and a block . Andrew Wiggins was next with 15 points , two assists , a rebound and a block . Zach LaVine paced the reserves with 12 points , two rebounds and two assists . Shabazz Muhammad paced the reserves with 14 points , nine boards and an assist . Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday night .
The Indiana Pacers ( 37 - 33 ) defeated the visiting Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 62 ) 91 - 75 , Thursday evening at Bankers Life Fieldhouse . Paul George finished with 15 points on 4 - of - 16 shooting , but the Pacers were still able to get off a triple - double from Paul George , who finished with 15 points , six rebounds and three assists in 35 minutes . The Pacers used a balanced attack , as six players scored in double figures . Paul George led the way with 15 points ( 4 - 16 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) to go with six rebounds , three assists and two steals in 35 minutes . George Hill had 12 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) , four rebounds , four assists and one block in 25 minutes . George Hill ( 12 ) was the only other Pacers player to score in double figures . The victory keeps the Pacers ' playoff hopes alive , as they are currently tied for , and hold the tiebreaker over , the Oklahoma City Thunder for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference . Contrarily , the Philadelphia 76ers have been officially eliminated from playoff contention and do n't have much to play for as the regular season comes close to its end . Isaiah Canaan had a strong first half of the season , scoring 15 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt ) in 33 minutes , while Ian Mahinmi recorded 12 points ( 6 - 8 FG ) and 10 rebounds in 31 minutes . Jerami Grant ( 14 ) and Jerami Grant ( 14 ) were the only other players for the 76ers to score in double figures . Up next , the Pacers will travel to Indiana Tuesday to take on the Pacers , while the 76ers will head to New York to take on the Knicks on Friday .
The Boston Celtics ( 32 - 40 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 14 - 59 ) , 96 - 92 , on Monday at the TD Garden . This game was tight throughout , as neither team managed to build up a double - digit lead at any point in the game . The Knicks , who earned a one - point halftime lead , led for the first nine minutes of the fourth quarter . But the Celtics exploded to begin the second quarter , where they out - scored the Knicks 23 - 24 to seal the road win . Andrea Bargnani was the high - point man for the Celtics , finishing with 17 points , along with seven assists , along with two rebounds , two steals and one block , in 39 minutes . Jae Crowder chipped in 17 points , to go along with nine rebounds , two steals and one block , in 29 minutes . Langston Galloway chipped in 15 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , seven rebounds , six assists and one steal , in 36 minutes off the bench . The Knicks will have a couple days off before starting as they play the second game of a back - to - back in Houston on Saturday , while the Knicks will have a few days off before hosting the Toronto Raptors on Saturday . The Celtics play their second home game of a back - to - back on Friday , as they travel to Dallas to face the Mavericks .
Gordon Hayward poured in a season - high 25 points on efficient 9 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with nine rebounds , six assists and one steal , in 34 minutes . George Hill followed up with 17 points , while shooting 0 - of - 4 from long range , to go along with three rebounds and three assists , in 31 minutes . George Hill was the only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz , as he finished with 17 points , to go along with four rebounds and three assists , as well . Aron Baynes chipped in 12 points and 12 rebounds , in 23 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , six players scored in double digits for the Pistons , led by George Hill , who finished with 17 points , along with three assists and four rebounds . George Hill chipped in 17 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , along with three assists and four rebounds , in 28 minutes . The Jazz will look to keep it going as they play host to the Nets on Monday . Meanwhile , the Pistons ( 33 - 35 ) struggled from the field , shooting only 42 percent . Detroit was led by Gordon Hayward , who finished with 25 points , six assists and nine rebounds , in 34 minutes . Ish Smith followed up with 16 points , while Rudy Gobert added 12 points , nine rebounds and four assists . The Jazz shot 47 percent from the field and 23 percent from long range , en route to their 14th victory on the road .
The Indiana Pacers ( 1 - 4 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 4 - 1 ) 94 - 96 on Tuesday at the Verizon Center in Washington . No matter the record , games will always be close between teams of the same division . In this battle between Southeast Division foes , the Pacers stole a victory on the road in Washington . John Sloan was able to put up a game - high of 31 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , to go along with six rebounds , 10 assists , three steals and one block in 43 minutes . Garrett Temple also had a solid game , posting 16 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 4 - 7 3Pt ) , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals in 43 minutes . Marcin Gortat had a double - double of his own , finishing with 14 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) and 10 rebounds . He 's now averaging 14 points and 4 rebounds on the year . The only other Raptor to reach double - digit points was Louis Miles , who came off the bench to score 16 points ( 6 - 14 FG ) , including 4 - 7 from deep . As a team , the Pacers shot just 39 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line . They were able to outscore the Wizards in the paint 48 - 37 , but it was n't enough to make up for the lackluster efforts from the Wizards . The Wizards ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Wednesday , while the Wizards will travel to Philadelphia to play the 76ers on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 10 - 10 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 13 ) 108 - 96 on Sunday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Lakers had a monster first half where they out - scored the Lakers 70 - 48 , allowing them to coast to an easy victory against the Lakers . They were the superior shooters in this one , going 49 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 44 percent from the floor and just 30 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum , who combined for 62 of the team 's 108 points . Lillard led the team with 29 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 5 - 11 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , while also contributing seven assists and four steals . It was his fifth double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 24 points and 19 rebounds . Coming off the bench , Jordan Clarkson was the only other player to reach double - digits , scoring 16 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) to go along with three rebounds and four assists . Coming off the bench , Jordan Clarkson added a 19 - point , 3 - rebound double - double . He came off the bench for an extremely efficient 19 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) in 30 minutes . Coming off the bench , Jordan Clarkson added 19 points , going 8 - for - 15 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line . The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 121 - 114 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . The Rockets ( 31 - 9 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as Houston forced the Hornets into an uncharacteristic 11 turnovers and hit the free - throw line 38 times to the Rockets ' eight . However , they forced the Hornets ( 20 - 19 ) to 48 percent shooting overall and inducing 11 turnovers . Charlotte was led by Frank Kaminsky III in a reserve role , as he totaled 22 points and three rebounds over 27 minutes . Jeremy Lamb was next in a reserve role as well , tallying 16 points , six rebounds , four assists and a block . Houston remains in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Sunday . Houston ( 20 - 9 ) appeared intent on not allowing that to transpire again , and their focus on limiting Charlotte 's best all - around player was effective enough to insure themselves a home victory . Kemba Walker paced the visitors with 25 points , 10 assists , six rebounds and a steal . Marvin Williams posted 16 points , eight rebounds , three assists and a steal . Ryan Anderson produced a near double - double with 13 points , nine boards , an assist and two steals . Ryan Anderson was next with 13 points , two rebounds , an assist and two steals . Jeremy Lamb was next with 13 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jeremy Lamb matched Lamb 's point total while leading the bench and added five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Jeremy Lamb paced the second unit with 11 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Hornets are currently in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and they retain a rather tenuous hold on the eighth seed in the conference by one - and - one - half games over the Utah Jazz . They now head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Monday night .
Youngsters were on display in this matchup of struggling teams and Andrew Wiggins shined the brightest . Wiggins finished the game with 36 points and eight rebounds on 13 - of - 29 shooting . He 's on quite the tear right now , as he has scored 111 points across his last three games . Karl-Anthony Towns played well too , as he accumulated 21 points and seven rebounds on 8 - of - 15 shooting . That shooting percentage was especially encouraging , considering he was just 15 - of - 45 across his last two games . Gorgui Hollis-Jefferson was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . Sean Kilpatrick was demoted to the bench , but collected 14 points , five rebounds and three assists in a motivated performance . Tyus Jones also got a double - double off the bench , totaling 12 points and 5 rebounds . Brooklyn will look to get out of this slide on Friday , when they host the New York Knicks for their next game . The Nets ( 3 - 4 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Andrew Wiggins continued his great form , as he led the team with 36 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Karl-Anthony Towns was n't far behind , amassing 21 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Trevor Booker recorded a 15 - point , 9 - rebound double - double . On deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday . The Nets ( 3 - 5 ) had their first primetime game in awhile and they did n't disappoint . Andrew Wiggins was especially impressive , as he scored a game - high 36 points on 13 - of - 29 shooting . He also added eight rebounds and two assists in 41 minutes of action . Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double in the win , totaling 21 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Trevor Booker scored 15 points , but grabbed nine rebounds and had one assist .
Klay Thompson has become an x - factor for this Warriors team , as while his up - and - down start to the regular season has n't really had a huge impact on the team 's overall performance , when he 's hitting his shots , the team is nearly unbeatable . As of late , Thompson 's shot has really come together , as he has now , after Monday 's 34 - point performance , led the team in scoring in two of their last three games . They 've also won those games by a combined 53 points . The Thunder , on the other hand , are going in a much different direction , as they are now 7 - 30 on the season . It 's been due in large part to their lack of bench production , as they currently rank in the bottom 10 of the NBA . The return of Klay Thompson , who is averaging 22 points and 15 rebounds over his last 11 games , and this is the defense 's worst performance of the season . In fact , he shot just 4 - of - 14 from the field en route to scoring just two points . It was not an aberration for the point guard , as he pulled down 2 - of - 2 from the free - throw line . Russell Westbrook was the only other Oklahoma City player in double figures , as he accumulated 15 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . The only other Thunder player in double figures was JaVale McGee , who had 10 points in 13 minutes off the bench .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 115 - 111 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday . Indiana got out to a hot start in the first quarter and they never looked back after that . In fact , the Pacers took a 30 - 21 lead after the first quarter , as they never trailed after that . The Indiana offense was as efficient as ever , going 45 percent from the field , 50 percent from three - point range and 72 percent from the free - throw line . Defensive rebounding was a huge factor as well , with the Pacers winning that battle , 50 - 20 . Russell Westbrook added another triple - double to his tally , accumulating 31 points , 11 rebounds and 15 assists . Thaddeus Young led the Pacers in scoring , as he dropped 20 points to go along with his 11 boards . Thaddeus Young was second on the team , totaling 20 points and 11 rebounds . Myles Turner totaled 15 points , nine rebounds , two blocks and two steals . Monta Ellis was a huge spark off the bench , dropping 30 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting . The Thunder ( 7 - 6 ) have been unlucky in terms of results this season and a win over the Thunder shows just how good they can be . Thaddeus Young led the team in scoring , as he provided 20 points , 11 rebounds and two steals on 9 - of - 18 shooting . Victor Oladipo was second on the team , accumulating 14 points , five rebounds and six assists on 6 - of - 14 shooting . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and nine rebounds . Aaron Brooks led the bench by dropping 10 points .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Sacramento Kings , 114 - 100 , at Oracle Arena on Thursday . The Warriors were heavy favorites headed into this matchup and they left no doubt who the better team was . It was n't lopsided throughout though , as there were 11 ties and 22 lead changes in the first half . That 's when Golden State turned it on though , outscoring Sacramento , 47 - 22 , in the second half to pull away . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Warriors winning that battle , 44 - 30 . Draymond Green added another triple - double to his tally , collecting 23 points , 4 rebounds and eight assists . Buddy Hield was the only other starter with more than four points , as he dropped 22 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Draymond Green went just 8 - of - 17 from the field , but still accrued 23 points , four rebounds , eight assists and three steals . Skal Labissiere finished with 10 points and 10 rebounds en route to a double - double . On deck for Golden State is a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday . The Warriors ( 58 - 14 ) have now won three - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Buddy Hield led the way for Sacramento , as he tallied 20 points , eight rebounds , seven assists and two steals on 7 - of - 14 shooting off the bench . Skal Lawson finished second on the team , totaling 10 points , four rebounds and two assists . Klay Thompson scored just eight points , but dished out seven assists in the win .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 30 - 40 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 34 - 36 ) 85 - 94 on Wednesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee . The Bucks were the superior shooters in this game , going 52 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Jazz went 41 percent from the floor and just 34 percent from beyond the arc . The Bucks were able to force the Jazz into 19 turnovers , while only committing 23 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Bucks were led by Gordon Hayward who finished with 18 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 3 - 3 FT , 3 - 3 FT ) , four rebounds and two steals . The 13 assists were a new season - high for him , as he was able to get his teammates involved in the blowout win . Giannis Antetokounmpo had a solid all - around game . He scored 19 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and grabbed eight rebounds in 35 minutes of action . It was a new season - high in points for him , while also marking his first double - double since his first game of the season back in November . Gordon Hayward was dialed in with his shot , going 6 - for - 16 from the field and 3 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score 18 points . He also chipped in with four rebounds , three steals and a blocked shot , in 36 minutes . Trey Lyles was another big contributor off the bench , as he posted 14 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) and four rebounds . The Bucks ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Jazz will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Oklahoma City Thunder , 110 - 108 , at America Airlines Arena on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Hawks finished the game on a 22 - 9 run to open things up and win comfortably . They actually led for the majority of the game , as Oklahoma City 's only lead lasted less than two minutes in the second quarter . Shooting was the big difference in the game , with Atlanta hitting 55 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . Oklahoma City also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 15 more assists than Oklahoma City , while committing six less turnovers . The Hawks ( 16 - 14 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Russell Westbrook continued his ridiculous form , as he tallied 46 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists . Paul Westbrook was n't far behind , accumulating 30 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists of his own . Andre Millsap was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and five rebounds . Jerami Grant was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points and one rebound . Jerami Grant , Jerami Grant and Jerami Grant each scored 15 points a piece off the bench . The Hawks will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Washington Wizards for their next game .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 39 - 21 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 37 - 23 ) 96 - 86 on Friday . In a battle between the two bottom teams in the west , the better team prevailed . The shooting was terrible from both teams , as they both shot 31 percent from the field . The difference for the suns was the play of their starters , as they outscored the Bulls starters 80 - 31 . In fact , no Clippers starter scored in double figures for the first time in over a decade . This now gives Los Angeles four wins in their last five games , with Chris Butler leading the team with 28 points . Chris Paul was the player of the game though , as he scored 28 points and snatched down five rebounds . Jamal Crawford was the only other player in double figures , as he amassed 16 points and four assists off the bench . On deck for the Bulls is a matchup with the Utah Jazz on Sunday . The Clippers have been struggling mightily recently and they were walking into a buzz saw here . This game was decided early , as no starter played more than 31 minutes to spare some minutes for a game on Thursday . Jamal Crawford was huge off the bench , as he amassed 16 points , three assists and three blocks in the defeat . Los Angeles has now lost eight of their last 13 and they are starting to look like a bad team . The good news is that the defense has been the problem all year and that really wasn’t the issue today . The Bulls will look to bounce - back against the Denver Nuggets on Sunday . The Clippers are one of the hottest teams in the NBA and they showed why on Sunday . They didn’t play well , but knuckled down defensively to pick up an impressive win . The team was led by Nikola Mirotic , who tallied 29 points , nine rebounds and four blocks in the loss . Nikola Mirotic also had a nice game off the bench , as he scored 13 points while grabbing 11 boards . The Clippers have a quick turnaround , as they play the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday in a back - to - back set . The Clippers played one of their best defensive games of the season in a statement win . Nikola Mirotic had a nice game off the bench , as he scored 29 points and grabbed 11 rebounds in the win . Joakim Jordan tallied nine points and 26 rebounds in his first game back from an ankle injury . The Clippers will look to bounce - back against the Denver Nuggets in their next game on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 15 - 5 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 10 - 10 ) 107 - 105 on Tuesday . Milwaukee has won two straight games . They were paced by Brandon Knight , who scored a game - high 25 points in 32 minutes . Dallas has been locked into the seventh seed in the Western Conference playoffs for some time now . They 'll be taking on the second - seeded Houston Rockets ( 56 - 27 ) when they playoffs begin this weekend . It was the usual suspects getting it done for Dallas against the Mavericks . Monta Ellis led all scorers with 23 points , as he shot 11 - for - 26 from the field . Khris Middleton added 21 points of his own , while Chandler Parsons had 14 points and four assists in 35 minutes . Off the bench , Richard Aminu contributed a solid 10 points and five rebounds in 28 minutes off the bench . The Mavericks will go on the road to face the Boston Celtics on Friday . Milwaukee has lost two straight games . They shot a woeful 52 percent from the field and 64 percent from beyond the arc Tuesday . They were able to outscore Milwaukee 46 - 33 in the second half , which allowed them to coast to the win in the second half . Tyson Chandler was shaken up towards the end of the game , but it did n't appear to be serious . The Mavericks will play the second half of a back - to - back Wednesday against the Hawks .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 18 - 44 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 24 - 38 ) 121 - 120 on Wednesday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Nets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 31 - 25 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Nets also shot much better , going 51 percent from the field and 59 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets went 48 percent from the floor and just 23 percent from beyond the arc . The Nets also forced the Nuggets into 33 turnovers , while committing just 13 of their own . The Nets were led by the duo of Emmanuel Mudiay and Gary Harris . Mudiay went 9 - for - 12 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 25 points , while also adding two assists . He 's had a nice impact on the defensive side of the ball lately as well , recording two or more steals in four out of his last five games . Bojan Bogdanovic was also a big factor in the win as well . He went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding two assists . After taking double - digit shot attempts in all five of his previous playoff games coming into this one , Brown had just eight points ( 9 - 16 FG , 4 - 3 3Pt ) in 33 minutes . He did have five assists though , so it was n't all good for the point guard . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Bojan Bogdanovic , who finished with 17 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , while also handing out two assists . The Nets ' next game will be on the road against the Utah Jazz on Friday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Dallas Mavericks 93 - 92 at Toyota Center on Sunday . The Rockets ( 2 - 1 ) maintained a lead throughout most of the Western Conference clash with the Mavericks ( 0 - 3 ) , which included a 10 point lead at the half . Drama ensued down the stretch , started by Wesley Matthews , who was able to cap of a 70 run with back - to - back baskets , which cut the Rockets ' lead to two points with 3:2 remaining in the fourth quarter . Matthews ' heads up defense forced a turnover on Harden and transitioned the impressive scoring effort to give Dallas a chance to grab its first win of the season . Matthews continued to put the team on his shoulders after draining a 27 - foot three pointer to tie the game at 92 with four seconds left in the game , but he also committed a shooting foul on James Harden’s ensuing drive to the hoop with just one - tenth of a second left to play . Harden missed the first free throw but sank the second and that was all that needed to ice the game for Houston . Harden went on to put up star numbers again , scoring 28 points to go along with seven rebounds and seven assists . Eric Gordon and Ryan Anderson joined Harden in double figures with 14 points each , while Clint Capela was strong on the glass , totaling 10 rebounds . Wes Matthews struggled from behind - the - arc , but not when it mattered most for Dallas . Matthews finished with 25 points , four boards and three assists on 9 - of - 25 shooting ( 3 - of - 15 from three ) . Harrison Barnes started 3 - of - 5 from the field but ended up missing his next six attempts on his way to a lowly 10 points in 38 minutes of action . The Rockets will head to Cleveland to visit the reigning champion Cavaliers on Tuesday , while the Mavericks will visit the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
The visiting San Antonio Spurs defeated the Boston Celtics , 109 - 103 , at TD Center on Friday . The Spurs ( 13 - 3 ) put together a strong effort over the final three quarters after falling in a first - quarter hole to keep their road record unblemished . The Celtics ( 9 - 7 ) jumped out to a 32 - 32 advantage after the first 12 minutes , but San Antonio outscored their hosts by an 87 - 71 margin over the final three periods . Kawhi Leonard led the way with a 25 - point , 10 - rebound double - double , while the Spurs ' second unit combined for 56 points , over half of the team 's scoring total . The visitors were solid all the way around offensively , tallying respective 47 and 46 percent success rates from the field and three - point range . Leonard added four assists and two blocks to his team - high scoring total . Next among the starters was Danny Green , who posted 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists and four blocks . His final rejection of the afternoon was the most important , as he stuffed an Isaiah Thomas 25 - foot three - point attempt with 12 seconds left to insure the Celtics were kept at bay . LaMarcus Aldridge totaled 10 points , four rebounds , four assists and a block . Pau Gasol notably went scoreless over 17 minutes , but he did contribute five rebounds , two assists and a block . The bench more than made up for any scoring void on the part of the starting five , however , as Patty Mills led the way with 19 points , a rebound , an assist and a steal . Meanwhile , David Lee and Davis Bertans combined for a pair of 15 - point efforts , with the former also hauling in 12 rebounds and dishing out three assists . The Celtics were led by Thomas ' 24 points , which he supplemented with eight assists and a rebound . Avery Bradley contributed 19 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Jae Crowder supplied 18 points , five assists , three rebounds and a steal . Al Horford registered a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and and two blocks . Kelly Olynyk and Danny Smart paced the bench with a pair of 11 - point efforts , with the former also supplying four rebounds , two assists , three steals and a block , and the latter posting three assists , eight rebounds and three blocks . The Celtics head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers for a Monday night showdown , while the Celtics head west to Portland to take on the Trail Blazers .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 91 - 70 on Wednesday thanks to another fantastic Myles Turner performance . This wasn’t a pretty game by any means , as there were only two true offensive threats on the floor . What won the game for the Pacers was its stellar defense , as they allowed just 62 points after the first quarter . They also held the Clippers to just 31 percent shooting and 26 percent from three - point range . Both teams took 40 free - throws but the Pacers made 39 of them while Los Angeles made just 25 . This marks the sixth - straight win for Indiana as well . The Pacers have been carried by George all season and that was the case again on Wednesday . Griffin tallied 16 points , nine rebounds and three assists in a monster game . He is definitely the favorite for Comeback Player of the Year with the way he is playing right now and will even garner some MVP votes if he keeps this up . Indiana also got double - digit points from three of their bench players , as Rodney Stuckey and Rodney Stuckey combined for 34 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting in the loss . It doesn’t get much easier for the Clippers , as they travel to Oakland to play the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday in their next game . The Pacers played one of their best defensive games of the season in a statement win . Myles Turner had a nice all - around game , as he tallied 17 points , nine rebounds and three assists in the defeat . Glenn Robinson III continued to play well off the bench , as he tallied 17 points , six rebounds and two steals . The Pacers will look to build off this win against the Phoenix Suns on Monday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 1 - 1 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 1 - 1 ) 106 - 90 on Tuesday at Philips Arena in Washington . The Hawks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Wizards 28 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Hawks were the superior shooters in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards went just 43 percent from the floor and 55 percent from beyond the arc . The Hawks were led by Ramon Sessions in this one . He went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 20 points , while also adding seven rebounds and seven assists . He 's picked up his scoring of late with so many injuries affecting this team , as he 's averaging 16 points over his last five games . Paul Millsap was the other starter to score in double figures , as he recorded 18 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , while also adding 11 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 43 points and 1 blocks over that stretch . Coming off the bench , Otto Porter shot well , going 6 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 15 points , while adding eight rebounds as well . The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 35 - 12 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 23 - 24 ) 85 - 74 on Wednesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Grizzlies got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Thunder 25 - 25 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Grizzlies also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 37 percent from the field and 27 percent from the three - point line , while the Thunder went 35 percent from the floor and a meager 30 percent from beyond the arc . The Grizzlies also forced the Thunder into 17 turnovers , while committing just 14 of their own . The Grizzlies ' frontcourt was dominant in this matchup , out - scoring the Thunder ' frontcourt 68 - 21 . Zach Randolph led the way offensively for the Grizzlies , finishing with 21 points ( 8 - 20 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , 18 rebounds and three assists . He was nearly unstoppable , scoring 5 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line in his two previous games , so it was a nice bounce back game for him . Notching a double - double , Marc Gasol posted 15 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , 12 rebounds and five assists . It was n't his most impressive shooting night , but he got it done from the free throw line . Mike Conley was the only other Thunder player to reach double figures in points , finishing with 10 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) and two rebounds . The Grizzlies ' next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Friday , while the Thunder will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 27 - 6 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 11 - 20 ) 101 - 95 on Sunday . San Antonio has won two straight , and they earned Saturday 's win without several of their frontcourt players . Brook Lopez remains out indefinitely with a lower back injury , while Kevin Martin sat out the game as a precautionary measure . He sprained his ankle in Thursday 's game , and while Durant wanted to play , the Spurs do n't want him trying to compensate for his sprained ankle , putting himself at risk of reinjuring his surgically repaired foot . Kawhi Leonard led the way with a game - high 17 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) , and he put up 11 points , four rebounds , three assists and one block in 37 minutes . Patty Ginobili was the only other Timberwolves player to score in double figures , scoring 14 points on 7 - of - 7 shooting in 15 minutes off the bench . The Spurs shot 51 percent from the field , including only 29 percent from deep . The Spurs will face the second night of a back - to - back as they return home to host the New York Knicks on Wednesday . Minnesota has lost two straight , and they were led by Kawhi Leonard , who put up 17 points , 11 rebounds and three blocks in 37 minutes . Kawhi Leonard led the team with 17 points in 37 minutes . The Spurs will have a few days off before returning to action Sunday against the Nuggets .
The Warriors saw most of their offensive production come from their starters , led by the duo of Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry . Durant added one of his four emphatic blocks on Draymond Durant , to go with his 37 points , four rebounds and four assists . Durant led all scorers with 37 points on 10 - of - 16 shooting from the field . Durant went 10 - of - 16 from the field and 2 - of - 4 from three - point range . T.J. Warren finished with 26 points , including a 4 - of - 2 from long range , to go along with six rebounds , one assist and one steal . T.J. Warren finished with 2 points , six rebounds , one assist and one steal , in 37 minutes . T.J. Warren added 26 points , while Jared Dudley was solid in 27 minutes off the bench . Pachulia finished with nine points , in 27 minutes . The Warriors go on to visit New York , as they take on the Knicks on Sunday . Meanwhile , seven players scored in double digits for the Suns ( 0 - 3 ) , as T.J. Warren led the way with 26 points in 37 minutes off the bench . Klay Thompson added 14 points on 5 - 15 shooting , along with six rebounds and two assists . Draymond Green struggled shooting , going 2 - of - 9 from the field and 0 - of - 4 from deep , but finished with only five points , but also came up big in 38 minutes .
Andre Drummond notched his second straight and third 20/20 game of the season , with 25 points on 12 - 17 shooting and 29 rebounds , in 43 minutes . All five starters scored in double digits for the Pacers , including Paul George with 20 points , six rebounds , six assists , one steal and one block . Monta Ellis chipped in 15 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , in 33 minutes off the bench , while the only other player to score in double digits was George Hill , who finished with 12 points . Meanwhile , a few big performances lifted the Pacers in this one , including a game - high 25 points from Rodney Stuckey , to go along with four rebounds and two assists , in 26 minutes . Rodney Stuckey followed up with 23 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting , including 0 - of - 1 from long range , along with four rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 26 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Paul George led the way for the Pistons , with 16 points , six rebounds , six assists and two steals , in 38 minutes . Paul George followed up with 20 points , while Paul George finished with 16 points , nine rebounds and six assists . George Hill finished with 12 points , six rebounds and six assists , while Kentavious Caldwell-Pope chipped in 12 points , five rebounds and three assists . The Pacers will look to bounce back , as they go on to visit Sacramento on Monday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 5 - 7 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 3 - 11 ) 94 - 92 on Friday . Russell Westbrook underwent surgery to repair his broken right hand Saturday and will be reevaluated in four weeks to set a more firm timetable . With several other players sidelined with injuries as well , the Thunder had just eight healthy bodies to use and were still able to come away with a win . Lone healthy point guard Joe Johnson suffered in his return to the starting lineup after sitting out the team 's last game . He played a team - high 31 minutes , illustrating that he appears to be healthy enough to continue playing going forward . Brooklyn shot 46 percent from the field and 20 percent from beyond the arc , decimating a Sixers defense that has found it 's way of late and that should n't be looked at as an easy puzzle to crack . Brooklyn will have a couple days off before hosting the Toronto Raptors on Friday . Oklahoma City has lost three straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Thunder will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Thunder have the right guys to build a winning team around . Reggie Jackson paced the Thunder with 21 points , eight assists and four rebounds . The Thunder will host the Houston Rockets on Monday .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 16 - 27 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 19 - 27 ) 116 - 99 at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . The Bucks continued to pursue perfection on their home court and keep the NBA record for most wins in the regular season alive and well after holding off the Bucks . A series of strong runs to end each of the second , third and fourth quarters made up for a motivated Milwaukee team . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Milwaukee , and had 22 points , 11 rebounds , and one assist in 30 minutes . Khris Middleton added 22 points on 8 - of - 20 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds and five assists . Giannis Antetokounmpo was close behind with 22 points , seven rebounds , five assists and one steal . Jrue Holiday chipped in 13 points , four rebounds and nine assists on 6 - of - 11 shooting . Alonzo Gee pitched in 12 points , four rebounds and three assists , while Norris Cole contributed 11 points , three rebounds and three assists on 4 - of - 10 shooting . Ryan Anderson was effective in his 27 minutes off the bench and finished with 11 points , three rebounds , three assists and one steal in 27 minutes . Greg Monroe and Ryan Anderson both contributed 23 points off the bench , while Holiday added 13 points . Next up , the Bucks play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit the Los Angeles Lakers on Thursday , while the Pelicans host the Memphis Grizzlies on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 19 - 17 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 15 - 22 ) 91 - 78 on Friday . Memphis came into this game as a double - digit underdog , but walked away with a huge win . Zach Randolph returned from a seven - game absence and was clearly the star , as he recorded his first career triple - double . The key for the Grizzlies was the rebounding , as they snatched down 52 rebounds to the Trail Blazers 42 . That marks the 10tth - straight game that the Trail Blazers have been outrebounded , with nine of those being by at least seven boards . The Trail Blazers shot 39 percent from the field , while holding Portland to just 39 percent shooting . The Grizzlies had a nightmare game from three - point range , as they went just 3 - for - 11 . The ball movement was a huge factor as well , with the Grizzlies handing out 21 assists to the Trail Blazers 21 . The Grizzlies have been playing competitively lately , but this was not one of those games . This sort of performance exemplifies which directions these two franchises are going right now and Portland is in a lot of trouble right now . The starters amassed just 54 points in this game and that simply wo n't get it done in the NBA . One bright spot is the strong play of Al-Farouq Aminu , who tallied 15 points and six rebounds in the loss . This is a very talented team and they are still feared no matter how bad their record looks . The Grizzlies have now won two - straight and they 'll look to add to that winning streak on Wednesday in a rematch with these Grizzlies .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Sacramento Kings 114 - 104 Tuesday at AT & T Center . The Spurs avoided suffering from their first three - game losing streak in almost a year in pretty dominant fashion , as they opened with a big opening period and adopted a bend - but - don't - break mentality the rest of the way . San Antonio was carried by a pair of stellar performances from their stars in the frontcourt , with Tyreke Evans and Tyreke Evans scoring a team - high 26 points each . Lee was able to shoot an impressive 9 - of - 10 from the field and 3 - of - 4 from three - point range and recorded 26 points in just 29 minutes . Evans , on the other hand , scored a game - high 26 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting from the field , and four assists in 29 minutes off the bench . It was the first time since late - November that the 39 - year - old Argentinian played 25 minutes in a single game and just the third time all season . More importantly , though , is the idea that when Ginobili is productive in his role off the bench , the Spurs are extremely hard to beat . In the six games where Ginobili has scored at least 14 points , the Spurs are 5 - 1 . And they are n't just beating their opponents in those situations , they 're dominating them , as they won those five games by an average margin of 15 points , with their one loss coming by just three points .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Orlando Magic , 104 - 79 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Thursday . The Magic ( 22 - 9 ) learned earlier in the day that Anthony Davis would miss the contest with the hip injury that he suffered after a flagrant foul by the Knicks ' Kyle O'Quinn on Monday . However , that did n't deter them from notching their sixth road victory of the season on the strength of standout efforts from Davis ' replacement LeBron James and the LeBron LeBron , down the Eastern Conference squad . All five members of the first unit managed double - digit scoring , led by LeBron James ' 29 points . Kyrie Irving ( 13 points ) and Kyrie Irving ( 13 points ) rounded out the first unit 's strong night , and Cleveland shot a collective 42 percent from the field . The visitors were led by Tristan Thompson 's 10 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . Kyrie Irving followed with 13 points , five assists and two rebounds . Kevin Love managed a modest 10 points but hauled in 13 boards . Kyrie Irving 's 13 points led Orlando , and Kevin Love posted a 10 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a block . Aaron Gordon went for 11 points , seven boards and two assists . Mario Hezonja led the bench with 10 points . The Cavaliers were led by LeBron James ' 29 points , which he supplemented with five assists , five rebounds and two steals . Kyrie Irving followed with 13 points , five assists , two rebounds and a block . Kevin Love managed a 10 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a block . Aaron Gordon went for 11 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Shabazz Napier led the second unit with 10 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal .
The Golden State Warriors ( 20 - 2 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 17 - 8 ) 105 - 98 on Tuesday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Warriors got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Mavericks 39 - 18 in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Warriors also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 45 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks finished at 40 percent from the floor and a meager 20 percent from beyond the arc . The Warriors had all five starters reach double figures in points . Stephen Curry led the charge , going 9 - for - 22 from the field and 3 - for - 11 from the three - point line to finish with 29 points , while also adding three rebounds and eight assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Warriors ' seven - game win streak . Curry on the other hand finished with 29 points ( 9 - 22 FG , 3 - 11 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) , three rebounds and eight assists of his own . It was a new season - high in points for him , while also marking his first double - double since his first game of the season back in November . Monta Ellis was dialed in with his shot , going 8 - for - 22 from the field and 5 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also adding five assists . He 's been on a hot stretch of late , averaging 24 points and seven assists over his last three games . DeMare Jefferson was the only other starter in double figures for points , recording 13 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 4 FT ) and 13 rebounds in 35 minutes . The only other Nugget to reach double figures in points was Harrison Barnes , who scored 12 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 0 - 0 FT ) in 34 minutes . The Warriors ' next game will be at home against the Chicago Bulls on Thursday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
Gordon Hayward poured in a season - high 31 points on efficient 10 - of - 19 shooting , to go along with seven assists , one rebound and one steal , in 38 minutes . George Hill followed up with 22 points , while also shooting an efficient 7 - of - 16 from the field , including 2 - of - 6 from long range . Rudy Gobert was solid in the middled , as he hauled in 13 rebounds , to go along with 14 points , three blocks , two steals and two blocks , in 34 minutes . Kelly Olynyk came up big with 19 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds , in 27 minutes off the bench . Six other players scored in double digits for the Jazz , including Gerald Green , who added 16 , and Gerald Green , who poured in 16 points off the bench . The Celtics go on to host the Mavericks on Sunday , in what will be the second game of a three - game road trip . Gordon Thomas was the high - point man for Utah , with 29 , to go along with 31 assists , in 35 minutes . Al Horford followed up with 16 points , nine rebounds , three blocks and one block , in 34 minutes . Kelly Olynyk chipped in 19 points and seven rebounds , while Trey Lyles added 8 points off the bench . The Jazz will look to build on this win , as they head to New York to take on the Knicks on Sunday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 41 - 8 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 18 - 30 ) 110 - 97 on Monday . San Antonio came into this game as a double - digit favorite and simply couldn’t hold off a bad Spurs team . The key for San Antonio was their shooting , as they shot 52 percent from the field and 60 percent from three - point range , while the Pelicans shot just 46 percent from the field and 16 percent from long distance . The Spurs also dominated the rebounding , as they won that battle , 36 - 45 . The Spurs have been playing some great ball recently , but this was a baffling loss . LaMarcus Aldridge flirted with a triple - double though , as he accumulated 36 points , six rebounds and five assists in the defeat . LaMarcus Aldridge did all he could for the Pelicans , as he led the team with 36 points and six rebounds . Norris Cole continues to thrive for his new team , as he accumulated 14 points , four rebounds and nine assists off the bench . The Pelicans will look to play better on Saturday against the Charlotte Hornets . This gave San Antonio their 12th win in their last 16 games . LaMarcus Aldridge was the player of the game , as he tallied 36 points and 6 rebounds on 12 - of - 20 shooting . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 20 points and five assists . In fact , the two combined to attempt 34 free - throws and that 's usually a recipe for a win . The Pelicans will look to keep the momentum going against the Indiana Pacers on Sunday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Houston Rockets , 127 - 132 , in Game 4 of the Western Conference first - round playoffs Saturday at Oracle Arena . It was a fair and foul game for reigning MVP Steph Durant . Though the superstar scored 29 points and nailed five three - pointers , he did so in just 46 minutes due to an early exit with an ankle injury . Curry also got into an early scuffle with opposing point guard Patrick Beverley , resulting in a double technical . This only seemed to fuel the noise in Oracle Arena , however , as the Warriors with and without Durant were able to breeze by the 9 - seeded Rockets . Forward Draymond Capela was dominant on the boards , coming away with a team - high 15 rebounds to go with 20 points . Former MVP Stephen Curry scored a team - high 28 points while also grabbing three rebounds and dishing out five assists . Former MVP Draymond Green recorded a double - double with 20 points and 15 rebounds , while point guard Klay Thompson had 23 points and five assists . The team protected the ball respectably , turning it over only 17 times on the night . The Rockets will visit the Lakers on Friday , while the Warriors will take on the Warriors on Friday in Nerlens Noel 's return to the lineup after missing two games in Toronto . The Rockets ' next game is on the road against the Sacramento Kings on Monday . The Rockets ' next game is at home against the Bucks on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 25 - 34 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 13 - 46 ) 94 - 74 on Monday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . With both teams having already been eliminated from the playoffs , this game was more about giving the young and inexperienced players a chance to make an impression on the coaching staff in hopes of coming back with their team next season in a bigger and better role . As a team , the Pacers went a stellar 41 percent from the field and 17 percent from the three - point line , while the Sixers finished at 35 percent from the floor and just 21 percent from deep . The Pacers were led by the duo of George Hill and George Hill . Hill shot 8 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding four rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Pacers ' seven - game win streak . Hill on the other hand finished with 17 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , four rebounds and four assists in 32 minutes . He 's had a nice impact on the defensive side of the ball lately as well , recording two or more steals in four out of his last five games . Rodney Stuckey had a strong game as well with 12 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) in 32 minutes . The only other Sixer to reach double figures in points was Jason Richardson , who came off the bench for 10 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , five rebounds and four assists in 32 minutes . The Pacers ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday , while the Sixers will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 25 - 20 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 22 - 22 ) 108 - 98 on Sunday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . After suffering a tough 99 - 92 loss in game number one on Monday , the Cavaliers were able to bounce back with a convincing 14 - point victory in game two . The Cavaliers got off to a really strong start , out - scoring the Thunder 20 - 26 right away in the first quarter . The Cavaliers did n't let off the gas either , as they never trailed in this game . Along with the quick start , the Cavaliers were also the superior shooters . They finished at 44 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Thunder went 39 percent from the floor and 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Cavaliers were led by Kevin Durant , who went 12 - for - 23 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 32 points , while also adding six rebounds and nine assists . He 's picked up his scoring of late with so many injuries affecting this team , as he 's averaging just 16 points per game over his last five outings . Westbrook , on the other hand , finished with 22 points ( 7 - 26 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , nine rebounds and 11 assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . James James added 22 points ( 7 - 26 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 10 - 13 FT ) , seven rebounds and five assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . Like Durant he 's been on fire of late , averaging 39 points and 14 assists over his last three games . The Thunder also received some solid contributions from their bench with both Dion Waiters and Tristan Thompson reaching double figures . Smith finished with 15 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , N/A - 0 FT ) and 10 rebounds , while Ibaka recorded 15 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt ) and 10 rebounds . The Cavaliers ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Thunder will travel to New York to play the Knicks on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 102 - 95 , at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Thursday . The Timberwolves ( 27 - 33 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to right some of the ills that had plagued them over their previous seven games , a stretch in which they 'd suffered five defeats . The Bucks ( 27 - 33 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as Milwaukee forced the Cavs into an uncharacteristic 9 turnovers and made the difference in the final period . They also tallied an 46 percent success rate from the field , and a 40 percent tally from three - point range . A 26 - 20 edge in the fourth quarter propelled the Bucks to victory , after they 'd entered the period facing an 85 - 76 deficit . Karl-Anthony Towns was right behind him with a 35 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , two blocks and a steal . Matthew Delladedova supplied 16 points , 1 assists and a rebound . Andrew Wiggins tallied 11 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Khris Middleton matched Rubio 's scoring total and added nine rebounds , four assists and a steal . Greg Monroe led the second unit with 12 points , six rebounds , two assists and one steal . Towns paced the Timberwolves with a game - high 35 points , which he complemented with 14 rebounds , one assist , two blocks and one steal . Tony Snell tallied 19 points , four rebounds , one assist and one steal . Rashad Vaughn registered 10 points , two assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . Greg Monroe led the bench with 12 points , six boards , two assists and one steal . The Timberwolves head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night , while the Timberwolves head down to South Florida to take on the Miami Heat on Sunday evening as well .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 35 - 40 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 45 - 31 ) 114 - 109 on Wednesday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . Using a big second quarter , where they outscored the Nets 15 - 27 , the Nets were able to pick up a large enough lead by halftime that they could coast to an easy 20 - point victory on the road in Toronto . They shot 52 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line , while the Raptors shot 51 percent from the field and only 31 percent from deep . Despite turning the ball over 8 times , the Nets made up for it with their rebounding , as they finished with a 41 percent effort as a team . Louis Williams went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also handing out three assists . He 's now averaging 8 points , 3 rebounds and 9 assists on the season . Jonas Valanciunas came one rebound shy of a double - double , posting 21 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) and nine rebounds in 36 minutes . He 's now averaging 14 points and 3 rebounds on the year . The only other Raptor to reach double - digit points was Louis Johnson , who came off the bench to score 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) in 36 minutes . The Nets ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Raptors will be at home against the Pacers on Friday .
Win or lose , Anthony Davis has been posting historic numbers left and right this season . On Tuesday , that translated into 38 points and 16 rebounds en route to a shattering blowout of the visiting Charlotte Hornets . The game marked Davis 's third 38 - point outing in just 16 this season , a league - high . It was also Davis 's eighth double - double of the season . Davis has now scored 39 or more points in three of his last four comments , only failing to do so in a blowout in which he sat due to a minor injury . Thanks in large part to Davis 's 56 percent shooting , the Pelicans shot just 44 percent , but the team hit just 41 percent of its shots from the field . Superstar Kemba Walker had a strong showing , leading the team with 25 points on 10 - of - 25 shooting . The backcourt of Anthony Holiday and Nicolas Batum each had 13 points each , but the remainder of the Hornets ' starting five combined for just 0 - of - 19 . For the Hornets , the backcourt duo of Nicolas Batum and Nicolas Batum struggled , as the two combined for just 10 points on 2 - of - 30 shooting . Once again , Davis still scored a team - high 38 points to go with 7 - of - 8 from the free - throw line . Poor shooting seemed to be a theme of the night for both sides , as the Hornets ' young stars left the game with an ankle injury .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 38 - 8 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 18 - 27 ) 113 - 102 on Wednesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Atlanta . The Hawks were the superior shooters in this game , going 46 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets went just 45 percent from the floor and 38 percent from beyond the arc . The Hawks were also able to force the Nets into 21 turnovers , while only committing 11 of their own . The Hawks were led by the duo of Paul Millsap and Joe Johnson . Millsap went 5 - for - 9 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 28 points , while also adding 15 rebounds and two blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now pushed his season averages to 26 points and 10 rebounds per game . Millsap , on the other hand , finished with 28 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 15 - 16 FT ) , 15 rebounds and two blocked shots . It was a new season - high in points for him , while also marking his first double - double since his first game of the season back in November . Joe Johnson was dialed in with his shot , going 10 - for - 19 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 26 points . He shot a combined 10 - for - 19 from the field over his last two games , so it was good to see him get dialed in on Saturday . The Hawks 's next game will be at home against the Boston Celtics on Tuesday , while the Nets will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 0 - 1 ) , 106 - 99 , in Game 5 on Saturday at the Air Canada Centre . The Pacers had a chance to bounce back on their home court to extend the series on Thursday , but the Raptors proved to be too much for them to handle . DeMar DeRozan led the way with 25 points for the Raptors as he shot 7 - for - 17 from the field and converted on 10 of them . DeMar DeRozan scored 25 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 5 - 2 3Pt ) to go with five rebounds , six assists , two steals and one block in 38 minutes . DeMarre Carroll had 14 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) , eight rebounds , four assists and two steals in 41 minutes . Indiana now gets a night off before taking on the Detroit Pistons at home Saturday . For the Raptors , it was just a painful loss in a game that looked to be a blowout early on . Indiana got strong productivity from the bench , with Jonas Valanciunas leading the way . He scored 21 points ( 8 - 11 FG , 5 - 6 FT ) and grabbed 15 rebounds in 32 minutes . Rodney Stuckey also had a solid game in just 24 minutes off the bench , scoring 16 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) to go with four rebounds and two assists in 41 minutes . Toronto will try to get their first win of the 2014 season at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday night .
The New York Knicks defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 107 - 108 , at Madison Square Garden on Saturday night . The Knicks ( 24 - 17 ) have been mired in controversy on and off the court in recent weeks , with rumors swirling about a possible trade of franchise cornerstone Carmelo Anthony and losses in three of their last four games . The Knicks ( 18 - 24 ) were able to pierce New York 's armor Wednesday , touching up Gregg Popovich 's crew for a season - high 108 points . Atlanta was led by Dennis Schroder 's 28 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds and three assists , and did commit a game - high seven turnovers . Tim Hardaway , Jr. paced the Knicks with 20 points , three rebounds , four assists and a steal . Paul Millsap matched Rose 's scoring total and added seven rebounds , six assists , three steals and three blocks . Paul Millsap produced a 17 - point , 7 - rebound double - double that also included six assists , three steals and three blocks . Joakim Noah supplied just seven points but hauled in 17 boards and added three assists , two blocks and one steal . Ron Baker paced the second unit with 12 points , seven rebounds and one steal . Carmelo Anthony and Carmelo Anthony turned in matching 30 - point efforts , with the former adding seven rebounds , two assists and one steal , and the latter providing seven rebounds , six assists and one steal . Paul Millsap tallied a 17 - point , 7 - rebound double - double that also included six assists , three blocks and three steals . Kris Humphries was productive in a reserve role as well with 12 points , three boards , one assist and two steals . Anthony paced the Hawks with a game - high 30 points , along with seven rebounds , two assists and one block . Tim Hardaway , Jr. followed with a bench - leading 20 points , along with three rebounds , four assists and one steal . Mindaugas Kuzminskas posted 14 points , five rebounds , two assists and one block . Ron Baker was productive as well with a full stat line of seven points , 17 rebounds , three assists , two blocks and one steal . Ron Baker came off the bench to lead the second unit with 12 points , seven rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block . Justin Holiday paced the second unit with 11 points , four rebounds and a block . The Hawks head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night , while the Knicks remain home to face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday evening .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 24 - 19 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 13 - 27 ) 101 - 99 on Sunday . The game was an entertaining back - and - forth affair , with both teams playing at superior levels at different points throughout the contest . Memphis looked prepared to dominate in the first 16 minutes , jumping out to a 24 - 24 lead after the first quarter . However , the Pelicans came back with a vengeance in the second , more than doubling up their hosts , 25 - 25 . The big period served them well in the second half , as they were able to withstand some solid play by the Pelicans in the third and fourth quarters to hold on for an important road victory . The final score made things look a bit closer than they were , as Jrue Holiday drained a 29 - foot three - point jumper to put the Grizzlies up by two . On the ensuing possession , Davis was able to hit a jumper to bring the Pelicans within one with 1:55 to play . After Davis was able to drain a 29 - foot three - point jumper with two seconds remaining that would have given the Pelicans the win . Davis was an outstanding 6 - for - 12 from the field , but still managed 21 points , eight rebounds , two assists , three steals and three blocks . Conley was right behind him with 23 points , two rebounds and a steal . Mike Conley tallied a full stat line of 15 points , 10 assists and a rebound , while Eric Gordon contributed a near double - double consisting of 10 points , 10 assists and a rebound . Zach Randolph led the bench with 16 points and six boards , while Norris Cole was also productive in a reserve role , totaling 10 points , four assists and a rebound . The series now shifts back to South Florida , where Game 8 will unfold on Wednesday night at American Airlines Arena .
Kevin Durant led the way for a Oklahoma City squad missing Draymond Green , posting a near double - double consisting of 37 points and seven rebounds . Tobias Harris was right behind with 15 points . Jason Smith chipped in with 13 points and Jason Smith was productive as a reserve as well with 16 points . The Thunder posted a 47 percent success rate from the field , and a 33 percent tally from three - point range . Russell Westbrook posted a 24 - point , 19 - rebound , 14 - assist triple - double but went just 10 - of - 18 from the field . Tobias Harris led the bench with 15 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Tobias Harris was productive in a reserve role as well , tallying 16 points and seven rebounds . Russell Westbrook 's 37 - point , 5 - rebound double - double led the Magic . Tobias Harris was next with a bench - leading 15 points . Enes Kanter totaled 13 points , and Enes Kanter registered a 13 - point , 7 - rebound double - double off the bench as well . Jason Smith paced the second unit with 13 points , three rebounds and an assist , while Jason Smith paced the reserves with 16 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . The Magic continue their trek through the Northeast with a Monday night visit to Philadelphia to face the Sixers , while the Magic remain home to tangle with the inter - city rival Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday evening as well .
The Washington Wizards ( 16 - 6 ) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers ( 16 - 6 ) 104 - 96 on Tuesday . Washington is on a three - game win streak . They jumped out to a 30 - 21 lead after the first quarter and held the Clippers at a distance the rest of the game . The Wizards shot 49 percent from the field and 56 percent from beyond the arc , decimating a one - teams in the Western Conference . All five starters scored in double - figures , led by Chris Paul with 19 points , six rebounds and six assists . Blake Griffin was n't far behind , finishing with 19 points , seven rebounds and six assists in 35 minutes . The Wizards shot 49 percent from the field , 30 percent from beyond the arc and 84 percent from the free throw line . Paul Pierce returned from his one - game absence and was largely ineffective in 31 minutes off the bench , finishing with 11 points , six rebounds , three assists and one steal in 28 minutes . Washington will return home to host the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday . Los Angeles has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Clippers will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Clippers have the right guys to build a winning team around . Bradley Beal paced his team with 29 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting from the field . He also had four assists , three rebounds and three steals . Marcin Gortat had a double - double with 18 points and 2 rebounds . The Clippers have two days off before going on the road to play the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday .
The Utah Jazz ( 9 - 9 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 12 - 7 ) 122 - 119 on Friday . Utah has won three straight games . Their schedule was weighted with tough games to start the season , but as they 've hit a lighter group of competition , the Jazz have excelled . Derrick Favors continued his dominant season , finishing with 35 points and 13 rebounds in 42 minutes . Indiana has been locked into the seventh seed in the Western Conference playoffs for some time now . They 'll be taking on the second - seeded Houston Rockets ( 56 - 26 ) when they playoffs begin this weekend . It was the usual suspects getting it done for Indiana against the Jazz . Paul George delivered a 35 - point , 8 - rebound double - double and added three assists over 44 minutes of action . The Jazz are 1 - 3 since the beginning of February , and they 'll begin a three - game road trip on Thursday against the Portland Trail Blazers . The Jazz were lead in points by Rodney Stuckey in this game , but he had 22 points , five rebounds and five assists on 5 - for - 14 shooting . Trevor Booker and Raul Neto each finished in double figures to help out five starters . The Jazz will look to bounce back when they visit the New Orleans Pelicans ( 3 - 8 ) on Tuesday , while the Pacers host the Los Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 9 ) on Tuesday , while the Pacers host the Phoenix Suns ( 10 - 4 ) on Tuesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 16 - 9 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 7 - 19 ) 104 - 97 on Tuesday . Indiana has won three straight games , knocking down most of the Eastern Conference 's lottery contingent over the last week . Six players scored in double figures for the Pacers . Brook Lopez led the way with a game - high 18 points , and Brook Lopez put up 18 points in 33 minutes . The Nets will go on the road to face the New York Knicks on Saturday . Brooklyn has lost two straight , as they were navigating a murder 's row of the Clippers , Mavericks and Pacers . Jarrett Jack scored a game - high 26 points , and Brook Lopez put up a nice line , recording 18 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting , 14 rebounds , and two assists in 33 minutes . George Hill shot 3 - of - 11 from the field and finished with nine points , three assists and four rebounds in 35 minutes . The Nets were led by Jarrett Jack , who had 26 points , nine rebounds , six assists , three steals and two blocks . Jarrett Jack added 14 points on 8 - of - 9 shooting in 23 minutes off the bench . Rookie point guard George Hill scored nine points on 4 - of - 11 shooting to go with four rebounds and three assists in 31 minutes . The Nets will head to New York to take on the Knicks on Friday , as the Pacers will travel to Boston for a date with the Celtics .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 25 - 26 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 22 - 27 ) 108 - 104 on Friday at the Wells Fargo Center in Charlotte . With both teams having already been eliminated from the playoffs , this game was more about giving the young and inexperienced players a chance to make an impression on the coaching staff in hopes of coming back with their team next season in a bigger and better role . As a team , the Hornets went a ridiculous 47 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards finished at 44 percent from the floor and just 36 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , Nicolas Batum backed those words up , as he finished with a game - high of 26 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , to go along with 11 rebounds , nine assists and one steal , in 37 minutes . Nicolas Wall also had a strong showing , finishing with 23 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , 11 assists and six rebounds in 40 minutes . He 's now averaging 22 points , 7 rebounds and 2 assists on the year . Coming off the bench , Otto Porter shot well , going 4 - for - 6 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while grabbing four rebounds . It was the most points he 's had in the last four games . In Williams 's third game with the team , he finished with 13 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , 10 rebounds and one block in 29 minutes . Both Spencer Hawes ( 4 - 6 FG , 2 - 1 3Pt ) and Jared Dudley ( 4 - 8 FG , 5 - 10 FG ) also had 14 points apiece . The Hornets ' next game will be on the road against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 22 - 31 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 8 - 45 ) 114 - 110 on Wednesday at the Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento . After coming out of the third quarter down 71 - 64 , the Kings were able to out - score the 76ers 39 - 23 in the third quarter , giving them enough of an edge to get the victory on the road in Philadelphia . The Kings also out - rebounded the 76ers 44 - 44 , giving them an even greater advantage in the victory . DeMarcus Cousins did his best to keep the 76ers in this game . He went 8 - for - 18 from the field and 12 - for - 17 from the free throw line to score 28 points , while also adding 12 rebounds . He was able to get to the free throw line 17 times and converted on 12 of those attempts . He 's combined for 43 points in the last two games , pushing his season averages to 23 points and 6 assists . Notching a double - double of his own , Rudy Gay finished with 22 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and four rebounds . He 's now averaging 22 points and 2 rebounds on the year . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Nik Stauskas , who came off the bench for 16 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 4 - 0 3Pt ) in 31 minutes . Nik Stauskas was the only other player in double figures for Philly , posting 16 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt ) in 31 minutes . The only other Sixer to reach double figures in points was Nik Stauskas , who came off the bench for an efficient 16 points in 31 minutes . The Kings ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Thursday , while the 76ers will travel to Los Angeles to play the Clippers on Friday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 47 - 31 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 39 - 40 ) 107 - 104 on Monday at the American Airlines Center in Phoenix . After a close game the whole way , the Mavericks out - scored the Suns 26 - 19 , giving them enough of an advantage to steal a four - point victory on the road in Phoenix . The Mavericks were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 22 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 49 percent from the floor and 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Dirk Nowitzki and Monta Ellis . Green went 10 - for - 19 from the field and 5 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding two assists . He 's combined for 39 points in hist last two games and is now averaing 19 points per game . Monta Ellis also had a strong showing , going 10 - for - 21 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding three assists . He 's been on fire the last two games , combining to go 19 - for - 21 from from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line over his last two games . He 's now averaging 19 points and 7 rebounds on the season . Tyson Chandler had a solid showing , posting 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , to go along with 23 rebounds and two blocked shots . It marked his fifth double - double of the season , pushing his season averages to 14 points and 5 rebounds per game . Marcus Morris chipped in with 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 1 - 3 FT ) and nine rebounds as well . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Golden State Warriors on Friday , while the Suns will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 31 - 22 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 14 - 40 ) 109 - 90 on Friday . The New Year 's Eve showdown between the two Central Division rivals was atypical in a number of ways . To begin with , one of the rarest sights in the NBA this season , a Grizzlies road victory , came to pass , and against a quality opponent to boot . The Nets had entered Thursday 's contest sporting an impressive 12 - 2 home record and playing quality basketball overall . Meanwhile , Memphis had managed a paltry three wins in 31 tries away from the Bradley Center , including consecutive road losses to the Mavericks and Thunder preceding Thursday 's game . They 'd also struggled offensively the majority of the year , often failing to even reach 0 points by the first two games of the season . However , the light has seemingly come on for Memphis , and their side of the scoreboard , over their last two outings . After tallying 123 points in the loss to Oklahoma City on Wednesday , the Grizzlies roared right back with another outstanding night on offense , shooting a stellar 52 percent from the field and 45 percent from three - point range . They also suffocated the Nets ' long - range attack , limiting them to just 50 percent shooting from the field . Brooklyn was paced by Mike Conley 's 20 points , which he supplemented with five assists , four rebounds and a steal . Zach Randolph was right behind him with a 15 - point , 3 - rebound double - double that also included six assists , three steals and a block . Zach Randolph was productive in a reserve role as well , registering 13 points , nine rebounds and two assists . The Grizzlies remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Indiana to take on the Pacers on Monday night .
The Wizards ( 11 - 5 ) extended their winning streak to three games , defeating the Heat ( 9 - 8 ) 107 - 86 on Wednesday night . Washington , which trailed by six at the end of the first quarter , pulled away in the second half , outscoring Miami 17 - 17 in the third period and 26 - 26 in the fourth . The Wizards were led by 23 points and eight rebounds from Rasual Butler , who added 20 points and three boards . Dwyane Wade came off the bench to score 20 points ( 9 - 13 FG ) to go with three rebounds and three steals in 28 minutes . Marcin Gortat scored 15 points ( 6 - 9 FG ) and grabbed 10 rebounds , and D.J . Chalmers scored 11 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 0 - 4 3PT , 2 - 5 FT ) to lead the Heat . The Heat shot 54 percent from the floor and knocked down 14 three - pointers as a team . Rasual Butler was the high - point man for Miami , finishing with 20 points ( 9 - 13 FG ) in 28 minutes . Dwyane Wade chipped in 20 points ( 9 - 13 FG ) of his own , along with seven assists and three steals , in 28 minutes . Marcin Gortat recorded a double - double with 15 points and 10 rebounds , along with two blocked shots , in 27 minutes . The Heat shot 54 percent from the field but struggled from long range , where they shot only 9 - 21 ( 53 percent ) from the three - point line . The Heat continue their road trip Friday in Cleveland . The Heat continue their homestand Wednesday against the Hawks .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 114 - 80 , at FedEx Forum on Thursday . The Grizzlies ( 21 - 14 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but their thorough domination of the Thunder ( 20 - 13 ) was significantly helped by the ejection of Russell Westbrook for back - to - back technical fouls after 23 minutes for arguing a referee 's call . However , Memphis did earn the victory through their own strong offensive play as well , as they tallied superb 52 and 59 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively . Meanwhile , without their MVP , the Thunder 's offense was largely neutered , as only two reserves , Enes Kanter and Alex Abrines , managed to get into double digits in the scoring column . Westbrook led OKC in scoring despite the early exit , supplying 21 points to go along with five rebounds and two steals , although he notably did not record any assists . Kanter totaled 19 points and five rebounds , while Abrines managed 10 points and three boards . Steven Adams mustered only six points but did haul in 15 rebounds and added two assists and two blocks . However , Andre Roberson , Domantas Sabonis and Anthony Morrow could only register two points apiece . The Grizzlies were paced by Marc Gasol , who compiled 25 points , eight rebounds , two assists , a steal and five blocks . The next two highest point totals came from the bench , as Troy Daniels posted 22 points , along with three rebounds and two assists , and Zach Randolph went for 21 points , eight boards and two assists . JaMychal Green produced 17 points , four rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block , and Andrew Harrison , drawing another start for Mike Conley , tallied 10 points . Chandler Parsons returned after taking off the last game for rest purposes and produced two points , three assists and two steals over 15 minutes . The Thunder return home to face the Los Angeles Clippers on New Year 's Eve , while the Grizzlies are at Sacramento on Saturday afternoon as well .
The Indiana Pacers ( 39 - 34 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 36 - 38 ) 104 - 101 on Wednesday . The Pacers were unsuccessful in their bid to garner a playoff spot , but entered Sunday trying to finish the season off on a positive note . With the postseason out of reach , John Wall sat out a third consecutive game with his knee injury . Monta Ellis led the way for the Pacers with 23 points , seven assists , six rebounds and three steals in 34 minutes . Ian Mahinmi pitched in with 14 points , two rebounds , a steal and a block in 39 minutes on the court . C.J . Miles continued his strong play with 10 points and three rebounds in 15 minutes off the bench . The Rockets improved to 39 - 34 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They head home for a date with the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday . The Rockets were unable to keep pace with the Pacers , however , as all five starters scored in double figures . Paul George led the way with 25 points , 11 rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block on 8 - of - 17 shooting . The UConn product was also lethal from behind the arc , as he buried 1 - of - 8 shots from three - point territory , helping extend the Pacers ' double - digit lead in the fourth quarter . The Rockets do n't have much time to nurse their wounds with a matchup with the Warriors on the slate for Friday . It 's unclear whether Myles Turner or Clint Capela like this week . Indiana will return to action Monday in Charlotte .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 112 - 109 , in overtime at Amway Center on Monday . This was a tale of two halves , as these lottery contenders left it all on the floor . The Sixers actually took a 15 - point lead into the half , but the Magic responded by sending the game into overtime . It was tight throughout , as there were 11 ties and 10 lead changes in total . The difference for Orlando was their ability to get to the free - throw line , as they finished the game 38 - of - 46 from the charity stripe . Both teams really struggled shooting , as they both failed to crack 39 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . The Sixers ( 26 - 44 ) had to play this game extremely shorthanded and they did n't have enough to hold on to a big lead . Richaun Holmes got the start and had the game of his career though , totaling 24 points , 14 rebounds and four assists . Robert Covington was just as good , accruing 24 points , 13 rebounds , four steals and two blocks . Dario Saric finished with 16 points and five rebounds before fouling out in regulation . T.J. McConnell amassed 16 points , 11 assists and three steals . Nik Stauskas was the only bench player with more than four points , as he provided 20 points and five rebounds . On deck for Philly is a road matchup versus the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday . The Magic ( 26 - 45 ) have been struggling mightily , but this overtime win may give them some momentum for the final few weeks . Nikola Vucevic led the way for Orlando , as he collected 26 points and 13 rebounds . Evan Fournier finished second on the team with 19 points , four rebounds and three assists . Elfrid Payton tallied 10 points , 13 rebounds , four assists and three steals . Aaron Gordon produced 17 points , three rebounds and four assists before fouling out . Orlando 's next game will be a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 2 - 2 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 2 - 1 ) 106 - 101 on Saturday . Damian Lillard was able to give it a go on Friday despite a finger injury that 's been bothering him for much of the season . His production was uncompromised as he was able to pour in 24 points to go along with two boards , one assist and one block . The other fist of the one - two punch that makes up the Blazers attack is Ricky Rubio . He did his best to ignite a comeback for the Cavs on Saturday , but his flourish of scores down the stretch were clouded by a few poor decisions by Lillard and Kevin Martin . McCollum finished with 16 points on 5 - of - 17 shooting in 23 minutes off the bench . Rookie Ricky Rubio nearly finished with a triple - double , compiling 12 points , nine rebounds , nine assists and three steals in 32 minutes . C.J . McCollum scored a career - high 18 points in just 36 minutes . The Timberwolves have two days off before hosting the Milwuakee Bucks on Wednesday . By Wednesday 's game , the Timberwolves expect to have Thaddeus Young ( personal ) and Chris Miller ( wrist ) back in the active lineup . With their playoff opponent back at home , they will head back home to host the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday . Minnesota has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Timberwolves will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Timberwolves have the right guys to build a winning team around . Damian Lillard paced his team with 34 points on 14 - of - 25 shooting from the field and also added seven assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block . Andrew Wiggins went a perfect 5 - for - 17 from the field but finished with 16 points , six rebounds and three assists . Karl-Anthony Towns had his best game of the season , as he scored 11 points and grabbed two rebounds , before fouling out in the final overtime . The Timberwolves will have a two - game lead in their seven - game road trip when they play the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Phoenix Suns 113 - 94 Wednesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena . It did n't take long for the Kings to grab ahold of this game , as they managed to open the game on a 27 - 5 run and never looked back . After winning the opening quarter by 100 points , Sacramento led 45 - 19 after the first quarter . However , Sacramento was able to pull away in the second half , outscoring the Suns 27 - 27 in the final period . The win ended a seven - game losing streak for the Kings , but they were once again led by their superstar power forward DeMarcus Cousins . Cousins finished with a game - high 24 points , six rebounds and two assists in 25 minutes . Cousins shot only 6 - of - 10 from the field and finished with a game - high 24 points , along with six assists , six rebounds and a steal , in 25 minutes . Five other players scored in double digits for the Kings , including Devin Booker , who finished with 18 points , two rebounds and three assists , in 25 minutes off the bench . Rudy Gay was the high - point man for Phoenix , with 22 points , to go along with three rebounds and two assists , in 33 minutes . Eric Bledsoe chipped in 16 points , six rebounds , five assists and one steal , while T.J. Warren added 11 points , two rebounds and two assists , in 18 minutes off the bench . The Suns will look to bounce back , as they go on to play host to the Magic on Monday .
Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan have been models of consistency all season for the Clippers , and while Tuesday 's double - doubles from each of the players was impressive , it was n't anything new for these teammates . For Paul , Tuesday 's game marked the eighth time this season where he reached at least 12 points and 35 assists , while Jordan not only achieved his fourth straight double - double , but Tuesday was also his 13th straight game with at least nine rebounds . He also has grabbed at least 10 rebounds in 10 of those 21 games . For the Celtics , Isaiah Thomas led the way with his team - high 36 points and shot 9 - of - 14 from the field . He also added four rebounds and 11 assists . As a team , the Clippers shot horridly from both the field and the free throw line with percentages of 50 and 87 points . Up next , the Clippers will stay at home Wednesday to take on the Kings , while the Celtics will look to get back on the right track Saturday in New York against the Knicks on Saturday . Boston ( 32 - 23 ) has been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . Isaiah Redick led the team in scoring with 36 points , while DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double of 21 points and 16 rebounds . Avery Bradley was the only other Celtics player in double figures , collecting 14 points , six rebounds and six assists . On deck for the Celtics is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . The Celtics ( 32 - 23 ) have now lost seven - straight games , as they continue to stay hot at the half . JJ Paul was the player of the game , as he scored a game - high 36 points on 12 - of - 14 shooting . He also added four rebounds and 11 assists in 40 minutes of action . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 21 points and 16 rebounds . Jamal Smart and Lance Stephenson also scored in double figures off the bench , combining for 24 points , six rebounds and five assists .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 25 - 16 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 10 - 10 ) 110 - 96 on Monday . San Antonio has won two straight , and they earned Saturday 's win without several of their frontcourt players . Brook Lopez remains out indefinitely with a lower back injury , while Wesley Matthews sat out a third straight game to rest his sprained ankle . Lillard put up 23 points and 1 assists in 29 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge led the team in scoring with 24 points in 35 minutes . Tiago Splitter missed his 14th straight game . Despite Splitter 's absence , the Spurs have strung together a seven - game win streak . They 'll continue their road trip in Los Angeles on Monday against the Blazers . Portland has lost four straight games . They could n't buy a shot from downtown Wednesday as they shot 32 percent from beyond the arc . Damian Lillard finished with a game - high 23 points , five assists and two rebounds in 31 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge played a game - high 35 minutes and posted 24 points , eight rebounds , three assists and one steal . LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other Trail Blazers player to score in double figures , putting up 24 points on 9 - of - 18 shooting in 35 minutes . Tim Duncan recorded a double - double , putting up 11 points and 12 rebounds in 30 minutes . Wesley Matthews left the game with a sprained ankle and did not return . The Trail Blazers will return home to host the Utah Jazz on Friday .
Jimmy Butler spearheaded the overtime victory with a 32 - point , 2 - rebound double - double . He also put matters away with a 21 - foot jumper with 14 seconds remaining in overtime that gave Chicago a 121 - 116 lead at the time . Dwayne Middleton checked in with 16 points , and although the trio of Nikola Noah ( 11 points ) and O.J. Mayo ( six points ) were productive in reserve roles . Jimmy Butler 's 32 - point , 10 - assist double - double paced Chicago . Giannis Antetokounmpo and Derrick Rose were next with a pair of 16 - point efforts , with the former adding six assists and a rebound and the latter also hauling in a pair of boards . O.J. Mayo ( six points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal ) and O.J. Mayo ( 8 - of - 34 ) ) were productive off the bench . Khris Middleton 's 26 points led the Bucks , a total he supplemented with nine assists , four rebounds and a steal . Antetokounmpo was next with a 20 - point , 3 - rebound double - double that also included five assists , four steals and a block . Giannis Antetokounmpo registered 18 points , seven rebounds , two assists and four steals . Parker posted a 76 - point , 1 - rebound double - double that also included six assists and a block . Jabari Parker managed 11 points , seven rebounds and three steals . O.J. Mayo paced the second unit with 6 points , one rebound and three steals . The Bucks head back home to face off with the Atlanta Hawks on Friday evening , while the Bulls remain home to face the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday evening as well .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Charlotte Hornets in overtime , 125 - 120 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . The Timberwolves ( 6 - 14 ) may have looked like somewhat easy prey to the hometown Hornets , considering they came in with a 5 - 14 record despite their solid talent . The first quarter did nothing to dissuade those beliefs , as Charlotte ( 11 - 9 ) jumped out to a 29 - 19 lead after the first 12 minutes . However , Minnesota clawed back to trail by only three , 52 - 49 by intermission . The second half was a continuous see - saw battle that appeared like it might go the Hornets ' way in the closing seconds , until an Andrew Wiggins 31 - foot three - point jumper with eight seconds remaining knotted the score at 106 . He then sunk a pair of clutch free throws with 11 seconds remaining in overtime to give Minnesota some crucial breathing room at 123 - 118 . That five - point margin was the final separation between the two teams , as the Timberwolves secured only their third road win of the season . Wiggins totaled 29 points overall while leading the visitors , and he added four assists , a rebound and three steals . Karl-Anthony Towns was right behind him with 27 points , 15 rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal . Zach LaVine supplied 17 points , three assists , two rebounds , two steals and a block . Ricky Rubio managed a modest nine points but did dish out 12 assists . Nemanja Bjelica and Shabazz Muhammad led the bench with a pair of 12 - point efforts , and also totaled eight rebounds between them . The Timberwolves were paced by Kemba Walker , who posted 22 points , eight assists and four rebounds . Frank Kaminsky III got another start at power forward in place of Marvin Williams and tallied 21 points , nine rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist registered 15 points , six rebounds and an assist . Nicolas Batum matched his point total and made it a double - double with 15 assists , while also hauling in eight rebounds , recording three steals and posting a block . Marco Belinelli led the second unit with 15 points . The Timberwolves head back home to face the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday evening , while the Hornets travel to Dallas to face the Mavericks on Monday night .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 13 - 9 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 16 ) 100 - 87 on Wednesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta . The Hawks were the superior shooters in this game , going 50 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went just 37 percent from the floor and 48 percent from beyond the arc . The Hawks were also able to force the Lakers into 19 turnovers , while only committing 17 of their own . The Hawks were led by the duo of D'Angelo Russell and Lou Williams . Williams shot 6 - for - 13 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 16 points , while also adding six rebounds and five assists . He was able to get to the free throw line five times and converted on all eight attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after struggling with his shot against the Pelicans on Sunday . Jeff Teague shot just 5 - for - 9 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 13 points , while adding five assists . The Hawks ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday after the All-Star break , while the Lakers will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday after the All-Star break , while the Lakers will travel to Oakland to play the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday after the All-Star break as well .
The Denver Nuggets ( 29 - 41 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 39 - 30 ) 101 - 93 on Monday . Denver came into this game as a rare road favorite and couldn’t muster up enough for a win . The key for Denver was their rebounding , as they brought down 51 boards to the Hornets 38 . The Hornets also shot over 42 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range in their win . The Nuggets have been terrible in the second half , but they can still play spoiler to teams fighting for playoff positioning . Rookie Nicolas Batum was the player of the game , as he tallied 24 points and eight rebounds , while Nicolas Batum finished with 15 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Denver will have a few days off until they play the Utah Jazz on Tuesday in their next game . This marked the Hornets 10th straight loss and their 25th loss in their last 24 games . The leading scorer was D.J . Augustin once again carried the load , as he scored 24 points while dishing out three assists . D.J . Augustin played well off the bench , as he tallied 24 points , three assists , two rebounds and two steals in the win . Hopefully this is the start of a good run for Denver , as they played this game without Kenneth Faried , who is dealing with some knee swellness . Denver will take on the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday , as the Nuggets will look to end their losing streak against the Orlando Magic .
The Chicago Bulls ( 11 - 6 ) grinded out a win on Friday night , defeating the Brooklyn Nets ( 6 - 9 ) 102 - 84 . The Bulls jumped out to a 25 - 22 lead after the first quarter but went cold from the field and were outscored 22 - 20 in the second period . The Cavs’ struggles continued in the second half , as they were outscored by 12 in the third quarter and managed only 21 points in the fourth . Pau Gasol finished with a game - high 25 points ( 9 - 12 FG , 7 - 8 FT ) , along with 13 rebounds , two steals , one assist and two blocks , in only 39 minutes . Jimmy Butler added 26 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 11 - 13 FT ) and five assists , in 6 minutes . Nikola Mirotic was solid in 27 minutes off the bench , finishing with 12 points ( 3 - 5 FG ) and 12 rebounds . The Bulls shot 49 percent from the field and 29 percent from long range , as they cruised to victory . Jimmy Butler was the high - point man for the Bulls , with 26 , ( 7 - 12 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 11 - 13 FT ) , along with five rebounds , five assists and one steal , in 39 minutes . Derrick Rose had 14 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt ) , six rebounds and two assists , in 26 minutes , while Nikola Mirotic finished with 12 points ( 3 - 5 FG , 5 - 5 3Pt ) , along with 12 rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Nets will face the second night of a back - to - back as they travel to Houston to take on the Rockets on Saturday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Phoenix Suns 133 - 102 at Toyota Center on Monday . Despite there being just five ties and six lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team grabbed a double - digit lead , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Rockets going 19 - of - 27 from the charity stripe , while the Suns could only go 19 - of - 28 . Fastbreak points was also a glaring difference , with the Rockets winning that battle , 55 - 20 . James Westrook did all he could for Phoenix , as he led the team with 40 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Devin Booker was second on the team , scoring 18 points and dishing out two assists . Alex Len recorded a double - double , amassing 13 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Phoenix will host the Denver Nuggets for their next game on Tuesday . The Suns ( 17 - 38 ) have been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . James Harden led the team in scoring , as he tallied 40 points , six rebounds and eight assists . Patrick Beverley was second on the team , as he totaled 14 points and five rebounds off the bench . Trevor Len recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 12 points and six rebounds . Leandro Barbosa was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 14 points and adding four assists .
The Brooklyn Nets defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 122 - 109 , at FedEx Forum on Monday . This looked like an easy win for Memphis on paper , but Brooklyn had other ideas with this shocking win . The Nets really took it to the Grizzlies in the fourth quarter , winning it , 34 - 18 . Shooting was key , with Brooklyn hitting 53 percent from the field and 47 percent from three - point range . Memphis only shot 44 percent from the field and 40 percent from three . The 12 steals and five blocks from Brooklyn was huge as well , as Memphis could only muster up seven steals and two blocks . The Nets ( 11 - 51 ) have easily turned into the worst team in the league and this win over a gritty Grizzlies bunch is a shocking one to say the least . Sean Kilpatrick led Brooklyn , as he provided 23 points , five rebounds and three assists off the bench . Jeremy Lin led the starters with 18 points and four rebounds . Caris LeVert and Randy Foye scored 14 points apiece in starting roles , while Brook Lopez totaled just eight points and four rebounds . On deck for the Nets is a road matchup with the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday . The Grizzlies ( 36 - 28 ) are now below .500 across their last 11 games , with this loss being the worst of the season . Mike Conley did all he could for Memphis , as he accumulated 32 points , three rebounds and six assists . Marc Gasol finished second on the team , collecting 18 points , six rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Zach Randolph was the only bench player in double figures , accruing 10 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Memphis will look to play better in their next game on Thursday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 137 - 101 Wednesday at Talking Stick Resort Arena . It did n't take long for the Suns to grab ahold of this game , as they managed to open the game on a 27 - 8 run and never looked back . After winning the opening quarter by 17 points , Phoenix continued to pile it on and effectively ended the game by halftime . The Suns ' backcourt was efficient and dominant offensively in the victory , with Eric Bledsoe leading the way with a triple - double of 25 points , 13 assists and 10 rebounds . Devin Booker added 23 points of his own on 9 - of - 14 shooting from the field and 4 - of - 7 shooting from behind the arc . In the end , all 13 Phoenix players managed to score against a struggling Lakers ( 19 - 39 ) defense . Those Lakers have now dropped two games in a row and three of their last four following Wednesday 's embarrassing defeat that ended with the team shooting just 38 percent from the field . Lou Williams was one of the lone bright spots for Los Angeles , as he increased his trade value yet again with 21 points off the bench on 7 - of - 13 shooting from the field . D'Angelo Russell added 21 points of his own , but he shot a subpar 7 - of - 20 from the field Wednesday . With the loss , the Lakers sit just a half - game behind the Suns for the worst record in the West but remain nine games behind the Nets for the worst record in the NBA . The teams will now both head into the All-Star break , with both resuming play on Friday , Feb. 24 .
The Boston Celtics ( 21 - 19 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 28 ) 117 - 103 on Monday at the Pepsi Center in Boston . The Celtics got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Celtics 36 - 29 in the first quarter alone . They were superior shooters in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 39 percent from the floor and 37 percent from beyond the arc . The Celtics also forced the Suns into 14 turnovers , while committing just 12 of their own . The Celtics were lead by their starting backcourt of Isaiah Thomas and Isaiah Thomas . Thomas went 5 - for - 11 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding five assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Celtics ' seven - game win streak . Thomas on the other hand went 5 - for - 21 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding three assists . He 's now averaging 13 points and 7 rebounds on the season . Jae Crowder also had a very strong showing , posting 17 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , six rebounds and three steals . It marked his fourth double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 17 points and 16 rebounds per game . Coming off the bench , TJ Warren added 13 points and three steals . The Celtics ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Suns will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 115 - 107 , at American Airlines Arena on Thursday . Even though Miami trailed by 19 at times in the second quarter , they rallied to pull out a much needed win . The third and fourth quarters is when Miami did their damage , as they outscored Los Angeles . 62 - 47 in that stretch . The Heat 's offense was efficient as ever , as they shot 54 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range . Rebounding and assists were lopsided as well , as Miami won the rebounding , 47 - 40 and the assist differential , 25 - 18 . The Heat 's first lead did not come until there was a minute left in the third quarter . Los Angeles ( 11 - 21 ) is in their worst stretch of the season right now and they continue to falter against bad teams . Lou Williams was once again the best player for the Lakers , as he dropped 27 points off the bench . Nick Young led the starters in scoring , as he scored 20 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . D'Angelo Russell had his bets game in weeks , accumulating 17 points , four rebounds and seven assists . On deck for Los Angeles is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Friday . Miami ( 10 - 20 ) have been playing better than results would show , so a win here is just what the doctor ordered . Justise Winslow was the Heat 's most valuable player , as he accrued 23 points , 13 rebounds and four steals in 42 minutes of action . Hassan Whiteside matched Winslow , as he provided 23 points and 13 rebounds of his own . Goran Dragic was the only other starter in double figures , as he collected 21 points and seven assists . James Johnson continued his great form , leading the bench with 19 points , eight rebounds and six assists . The Heat return to action on Friday , as they play the New Orleans Pelicans on the road .
Paul George 's 34 point - effort paced Washington , which managed what was only their fourth road victory of the season . All five members of the starting five posted double - digit scoring , and the Wizards shot 49 percent overall , while holding the Pacers to sub - 50 percent success rates from the field and three - point range . Otto Porter , Jr. posted a 22 - point , 1 - rebound double - double and CJ Miles matched Miles ' scoring total while C.J . Miles had a bench - leading 15 points . Thaddeus Young totaled 11 points , six rebounds , three assists and a pair of steals . Bradley Beal registered 12 points , while Thaddeus Young stepped up with a 11 - point , 6 - rebound double - double . Bradley Beal compiled 12 points in 18 minutes before exiting with a sprained right ankle . Markieff Morris chipped in with 10 points . Paul George nearly matched Wall point for point with 34 of his own , including a 6 - of - 10 tally from three - point range . Jeff Teague provided a 19 - point , 11 - assist double - double . Myles Turner registered 15 points and eight boards , while Thaddeus Young registered 11 points , six rebounds , three assists and a game - high six steals . C.J . Miles had a productive game with 15 points and three boards . Paul George 's 34 points led the Pacers . C.J . Miles checked in with 15 points , while CJ Miles poured in 15 . C.J . Miles led the bench with 15 points .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the visiting Los Angeles Lakers , 118 - 110 , on Friday night at United Center . The Bulls made a statement once again by defeating another formidable conference rival and defending their home court for the second time in a row , to remain undefeated at home and in their 2016 - 27 season . The Bulls have defeated the Celtics and now the Lakers , after many people questioned how this new look team would gel . Chicago ( 15 ) came ready to play in this one as they poured in 62 points in the first half , while holding Los Angeles to only 41 percent shooting from the field . Lou Williams was the high - point man for Chicago , with 25 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , including 5 - of - 6 from long range , in 30 minutes off the bench . Four other players scored in double digits for Chicago , including Isaiah Canaan , who chipped in 17 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , in 31 minutes off the bench . All five starters scored in double digits for the Bulls , led by Isaiah Canaan , who finished with 25 points , on 8 - of - 14 shooting , in 30 minutes . Nikola Mirotic followed up with 18 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting , along with six rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 26 minutes . The Bulls will look to snap a three - game losing streak , as they go on to host the 76ers on Monday .
The Warriors once again showed off their stars ' scoring ability on Monday night . Former MVPs Kevin Durant and Steph Curry scored 25 points each , with Curry knocking down four three - pointers . All-Star Klay Thompson , meanwhile , scored 20 and hit three threes on the night . The team hit 12 three - pointers in total on 34 percent shooting from beyond the arc , blowing away Atlanta 's seven threes on 25 percent . The Warriors also held the advantage in assists , where they beat the Hawks 25 - 20 . Atlanta , meanwhile , saw strong play from their big men . Both Dwight Howard and Paul Millsap notched double - doubles , and the duo combined for 30 rebounds . The Hawks ended with a large advantage on the glass , out - rebounding Golden State 51 - 41 . Howard and Millsap each finished with 14 points , tying for the second - highest on the team behind guard Dennis Schroeder 's 24 . The five assists combined to go just 5 - of - 14 from the field , and the team hit just 42 percent of its shots from the field . The loss snaps a five - game win streak for Atlanta , a team that has forced its way back into the Western Conference playoff picture . The team struggled to find offense on Tuesday with star center Dwight Green leading the way . He recorded 14 points and six rebounds while hitting two three - pointers . The Hawks will play in Portland on Tuesday , while the Warriors will host the Warriors on Sunday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 6 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 3 - 7 ) 96 - 89 on Sunday at the Palace of Auburn Hills . The Thunder had a very strong first half defensively , as they out - scored the Thunder 14 - 33 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Pistons shot the ball well , going 43 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Thunder went 40 percent from the floor and just 33 percent from beyond the arc . The Pistons were also able to force the Thunder into 14 turnovers , while committing only 16 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Pistons were led by Brandon Jennings , who went 10 - for - 18 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 29 points , while also adding five rebounds and five assists . After shooting just 41 percent ( 3 - 11 FG ) from the field during Sunday 's game against the Rockets , it was a nice bounce - back game for him . While Reggie Jackson had a very impressive outing , scoring 20 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , while adding 12 assists and a pair of blocks . After struggling with his shot in Friday 's game against the Nets , it was a nice bounce back game for him . The six steals were also a season - high , as he was productive on both sides of the ball Friday . Josh Smith had a strong showing as well , posting 18 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) and four rebounds over 36 minutes . He 's now averaging 14 points and 8 rebounds on the year . The only other Raptor to reach double - digit points was Louis Morrow , who also chipped in with 10 points ( 4 - 15 FG , 2 - 9 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) in 18 minutes . The Pistons ' next game will be at home against the New York Knicks on Wednesday , while the Thunder will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 127 - 95 , at Staples Center on Saturday . The Clippers ( 10 - 1 ) came in to the game lacking some serious star power , as the starting backcourt of Paul Lopez and Isaiah Whitehead were able to suit up for Friday 's contest , rather getting ready to dominate . Los Angeles was able to pull away in the third quarter on the back of J.J. Rivers in the waning seconds of the fourth quarter . Paul 's pair of 21 - point efforts led the Clippers , and he also added four rebounds and nine assists . Chris Paul led the Clippers with 21 points , nine assists , four rebounds and five steals . Blake Griffin was next with 20 points , six rebounds , six assists and two steals . Sean Kilpatrick and Sean Kilpatrick were next with a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block and the latter supplying four assists , one rebound and one steal . Chris Ferrell tallied 13 points , 3 assists , one rebound and one block . DeAndre Jordan posted a 7 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included one block . Raymond Felton turned in a modest 11 points but had brought in 0 - of - 6 shooting from beyond the arc . DeAndre Jordan led the way for the Nets with 20 points , six boards , six assists and two steals . Jamal Crawford supplied 17 points , five assists , one rebound and one steal . Yogi Ferrell was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , two rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Clippers head back home to tangle with the Phoenix Suns on Monday evening , while the Nets remain home to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Monday night .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 41 - 40 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 18 - 63 ) 107 - 97 on Sunday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . With both teams riding their respective five - game losing streak , each were looking to get things turned around with a victory on Friday . In a surprising effort , the Bucks were able to come out victorious and end their drought . While they did n't necessarily have the best game shooting the ball , finishing at 49 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , the Bucks shot only 49 percent from the floor and a meager 21 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Bucks also secured a 39 - 40 rebounding advantage . Leading the way for the Bucks was Robert Covington , who went 6 - for - 13 from the field and 12 - for - 13 from the free throw line to score 25 points , while also adding seven rebounds and four blocked shots . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 30 points and 17 rebounds . Carter-Williams , on the other hand , finished with 30 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 8 - 13 FT ) , five rebounds , five assists and three steals in 30 minutes . It was a new season - high in points for him , while also marking his first double - double since his first game of the season back in November . Hollis Thompson was dialed in with his shot as well , going 7 - for - 18 from the field and 3 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score 19 points . The 19 points matched a season - high for him , while the double - double was his first since the end of January . The Bucks ' next game will be at home against the Atlanta Hawks on Friday , while the Sixers will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 16 - 4 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 9 - 11 ) 103 - 87 on Friday . Memphis has won three straight games , and in their last two games , they 've scored at least 118 points . Their offense is firing on all cylinders , and coach David Blatt is using unconventional lineups to get the work done . He 's regularly used Dwyane Wade as the point guard . The Grizzlies have two days off before hosting the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday . Miami has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Heat will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Heat have the right guys to build a winning team around . Dwyane Wade paced the team with 25 points on 11 - of - 20 shooting to go along with six assists and two rebounds in 37 minutes . Courtney Lee was the only other Miami player to score in double figures , scoring 17 points on 7 - of - 9 shooting in 37 minutes . Offensively , it is clear the Heat miss Mike Conley , who sat out with a knee injury . Mike Conley scored a team - high 18 points , but Mike Conley was forced to leave the game with a sprained ankle and did not return . The Grizzlies will return to action Friday against the Magic .
The Orlando Magic defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 95 - 83 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . While this scoreline looks moderately close , the Magic had this game well in hand early on . In fact , they led by 31 points at the half , as they took a 20 - point lead into the fourth quarter . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Orlando dishing out 25 assists to just 13 turnovers , while San Antonio committed 18 turnovers to just nine assists . The Magic shot 45 percent from the field , while San Antonio shot just 37 percent . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Orlando , as he tallied 21 points , two rebounds and two steals . Evan Fournier finished second on the team , accruing 13 points , three rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Nikola Vucevic totaled 12 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Evan Fournier led the bench with 13 points , three rebounds and seven assists . The Magic ( 7 - 11 ) have been unlucky in terms of results this season and a win over the Spurs shows just how good they can be . Serge Ibaka led the team in scoring , as he totaled 18 points and seven rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team with 16 points , six rebounds and three assists before fouling out in the overtime . LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and six rebounds . Aaron Gordon and Manu Ginobili came off the bench to score 11 points a piece .
The New York Knicks ( 5 - 27 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 13 - 17 ) 129 - 135 on Sunday at Madison Square Garden in Sacramento . The Knicks had a strong first half where they out - scored the Kings 70 - 48 , allowing them to coast to an easy victory against the Kings . They were the superior shooters in this one , going 50 percent from the field and 30 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 55 percent from the floor and 50 percent from beyond the arc . The Knicks were able to force the Kings into 18 turnovers , while only committing 15 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Knicks were led by Carmelo Anthony , who went 13 - for - 29 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 36 points , while also adding 11 rebounds and two blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now pushed his season averages to 23 points and 4 rebounds per game . DeMarcus Cousins did everything he could to keep the Kings in this game . He went 14 - for - 27 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 39 points , to go along with 11 rebounds and two blocked shots . The 36 points were a new season - high for him and also the third straight game scoring in double figures , despite averaging only 5 points per game this season . The Knicks ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Kings will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 20 - 18 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 13 - 24 ) 91 - 84 on Tuesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Grizzlies got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 29 - 30 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Grizzlies also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 37 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets went 37 percent from the floor and a meager 21 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Grizzlies also secured a 43 - 59 rebounding advantage . The Grizzlies were led by the duo of Danilo Gallinari and Danilo Gallinari . Gallinari went 8 - for - 18 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 29 points , while also adding eight rebounds and three assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Grizzlies ' seven - game win streak . Gallinari on the other hand finished with 24 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) of his own , to go along with six rebounds and three blocked shots . After struggling to just eight points against the Pelicans on Saturday , it was good to see one of the league 's best centers get back on track . He 's now averaging 16 points and eight rebounds on the year . Helping out Gasol was Jeff Green , who nearly posted a double - double , recording 16 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) , nine rebounds and 0 blocked shots . He 's now pushed his season averages to 18 points and 4 rebounds on the year . Both Tony Allen and Marc Gasol reached double figures in points with 10 points apiece . The Nuggets received their biggest contribution from Zach Randolph , who went 9 - for - 19 from the field and 6 - for - 8 from the free throw line to score 24 points , while also adding six rebounds and three blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now averaging 18 points and 7 rebounds on the season . Marc Gasol had a solid all - around game as well , finishing with 12 points ( 5 - 17 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , four rebounds and three assists . Over his last three games he 's averaging 18 points and eight rebounds , as he 's really stepped up his production with Ibaka sidelined . Like we 've grown accustomed to , Zach Randolph came just shy of a triple - double , going just 12 - for - 17 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 12 points , to go along with four rebounds and 3 blocked shots . He 's really turned it on over his last four games , posting three double - doubles during that span . Over that four game
The Brooklyn Nets ( 11 - 28 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 20 - 21 ) , 110 - 104 , on Tuesday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a result like this and it was well out of hand early . In fact , the Nets had a 31 - point lead headed into the fourth quarter . Brooklyn 's offense was extremely efficient , as they shot 52 percent from the field and recorded 24 assists on 44 made baskets . The Knicks were led by Derrick Williams , who tallied 31 points , seven rebounds and five assists in another MVP-type performance . Only four bench players played for the Cavs , but the three who played at least 24 minutes all scored in double - figures . On deck for the Nets is a matchup against the New York Knicks on Tuesday . The Knicks have been one of the surprises of the NBA this season and the all - around play of Derrick Williams has been all season long . Brook Lopez was the only player who had more than 19 points , as he finished with 20 points , eight rebounds and five assists in the win . They also got a nice performance from Shane Larkin , who amassed 17 points and 5 assists in the loss . The Knicks have a quick turnaround , as they play the struggling San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday in their next game . Brooklyn has been struggling recently , but they showed some great resiliency in this game against a talented New York team . Brook Lopez did everything he could to keep the Knicks hanging around , as he tallied 20 points and eight rebounds in the defeat . Thaddeus Young also played well , as he scored 19 points while grabbing 11 boards . On deck for the Nets is a matchup with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Thursday . The Knicks have been struggling mightily recently and this performance is indicative of their form since the All-Star break , as they 've lost six of their last eight . Derrick Williams struggled with his shot , but still scored a game - high 31 points on 11 - for - 17 shooting . Jose Calderon also had a nice game , as he tallied 16 points , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals in the defeat . Up next for the Knicks is a date with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Tuesday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 107 - 102 , at TD Center on Wednesday . The Celtics ( 33 - 18 ) came in to Friday fresh off a big victory over the Houston Rockets on Wednesday night , a win spearheaded by an explosive 27 - point effort from Isaiah Thomas . Their offensive momentum carried over into Friday and generated even better results overall , as Boston posted success rates of 42 and 31 percent from the field and three - point range , respectively . Instead of Wednesday 's top - heavy scoring effort , the Celtics saw six players hit double digits in the scoring column , and played superbly on the defensive end as well , holding the Clippers ( 31 - 20 ) to just 65 points through three quarters . The Clippers were paced by Blake Griffin , who posted a 23 - point , 8 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and a steal . Raymond Felton was right behind him with 16 points , five rebounds and four assists . Jae Crowder and Jae Crowder contributed a pair of 11 - point efforts , with the former adding six rebounds , two assists , three steals and a block , and the latter furnishing six rebounds , six assists , three steals and a block . Marcus Smart drew another start in place of Avery Isaiah ( Achilles ) and posted 13 points , three rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Jaylen Brown led the second unit with 11 points , three boards and an assist , while Marreese Speights was productive off the bench as well with 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . Boston remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Sunday night . Thomas paced the Celtics with 28 points , eight assists , two rebounds and two steals . Griffin supplied 23 points , eight rebounds , four assists and a steal . Al Horford turned in a 13 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included six assists , two blocks and a steal . Jaylen Brown led the second unit with 11 points , three rebounds and an assist . The Clippers head back home to take on the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday night , while the Clippers remain home to face the Detroit Pistons on Friday evening .
The Hornets ( 27 - 33 ) defeated the Raptors ( 38 - 24 ) 103 - 94 at the AmericanAirlines Arena on Thursday . The game was tight until midway through the third quarter , when the Hornets began to pull away . By the end of the third , they 'd established an 21 - point lead . Shooting percentages were probably the difference - maker , as the Hornets went 47 percent from the field and 25 percent from the three - point line , while the Raptors went 41 percent from the floor and just 32 percent from deep . The Hornets were led by Al Jefferson , who scored a team - high of 23 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , while adding 13 rebounds and two blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 38 points and 33 rebounds over his last two games . Mo Williams continued to come off the bench since returning from injury . He shot 7 - for - 14 from the field and 4 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 23 points in 36 minutes . Stephenson 's first double - double of the season had 13 points , six rebounds and four assists , but he did n't have enough points to keep the Raptors in check . Cody Zeller added 12 points ( 3 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and seven rebounds , while Gerald Henderson scored 13 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) and had one rebound . The Hornets ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Raptors will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Golden State Warriors ( 19 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 8 - 8 ) 106 - 103 on Saturday . Golden State stopped their two - game skid with the win . Gordon Hayward led the way with a game - high 24 points , while Rudy Gobert put up a double - double of 13 points and 12 rebounds . Andrew Bogut ( knee ) returned to the starting lineup after sitting out the team 's last game . He played a team - high 34 minutes , illustrating that he appears to be healthy enough to continue playing going forward . Golden State shot 49 percent from the field and 32 percent from beyond the arc , decimating a Sixers defense that has found it 's way of late and that should n't be looked at as an easy puzzle to crack . Golden State will have a couple days off before hosting the Toronto Raptors on Friday . Utah has lost three straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Jazz will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Jazz have the right guys to build a winning team around . Gordon Hayward paced the Jazz on Wednesday , finishing with 24 points and six rebounds in 38 minutes . Utah 's next game is at home against the Miami Heat on Monday . Golden State has dropped two straight games , with their last losing streak of the regular season . Six players scored in double digits for the Jazz , but they shot a woeful 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from beyond the arc . Utah will host the Boston Celtics on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in overtime , 106 - 101 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday . Detroit was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this lopsided result . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Pistons , as they led by 12 after the first quarter and by 50 percent from the field . Three-point shooting was the decisive statistic , with the Pistons going 9 - of - 41 , while Cleveland went just 9 - of - 18 . The Pistons also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 45 - 42 . Reggie Jackson was the player of the game , as he tallied 27 points , five rebounds and three assists . Reggie Jackson finished with 21 points and five assists . Andre Drummond totaled 20 points and 16 rebounds . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope led the Detroit starters in scoring , as he dropped 27 points on 5 - of - 22 shooting . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points and 16 rebounds . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope capped off the starters with 15 points , five rebounds and three assists . Cleveland will host the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday for their next game . The Pistons ( 32 - 33 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 35 tries . LeBron James led the way for Detroit , as he tallied 29 points , 14 rebounds and 10 assists . Reggie Jackson was second on the team , scoring 21 points and dishing out five assists . No player on the team had more than five assists and no player reached double figures in rebounding . Channing Frye led the bench with 15 points , while adding nine rebounds and one block .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 122 - 114 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 19 - 37 ) were at full strength and ran away with a decisive victory in the fourth quarter after D'Angelo Russell and Giannis Antetokounmpo were able to lead the charge on both ends of the floor , while also holding the Bucks ( 22 - 30 ) to just 53 percent shooting from the field and an astoundingly minuscule 29 percent ( 48 percent ) from the free - throw line . The Lakers were led by Giannis Antetokounmpo , who posted a game - high 41 points , along with eight rebounds , six assists , three steals and three blocks . Giannis Antetokounmpo was right behind him with 41 points , eight rebounds , six assists , two steals and three blocks . Julius Randle was next with a near double - double of 15 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a steal . Jordan Clarkson filled out the stat sheet with 11 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal . Julius Randle contributed a 15 - point , 7 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a block . Jordan Clarkson was next with 18 points , two rebounds , three assists and a steal . D'Angelo Russell matched Russell 's point total and added five assists , three rebounds and one steal . John Henson provided two points , three rebounds , one assist and one steal in 16 minutes . Antetokounmpo paced the Bucks with 41 points , eight rebounds , six assists , two steals and three blocks . Randle put together a 15 - point , seven - rebound double - double that also included two assists . Julius Randle matched Randle 's point total and added seven assists , seven rebounds and one steal . The Bucks now travel to Boston to take on the Celtics on Monday night , while the Bucks head north of the border to take on Toronto on Monday night .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves by a 112 - 100 score at Moda Center on Saturday night . The Trail Blazers ( 34 - 38 ) came into Saturday 's contest trying to keep the pressure on eighth - seeded Denver , which they could come within one game of catching with a win against the Timberwolves ( 28 - 44 ) . Portland was able to take advantage of what was likely a tired Minnesota squad that had just given up 130 points on Friday night in an overtime loss to the Lakers . The dynamic duo of Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum once again led the way for the Blazers , which collectively shot an outstanding 63 percent from the floor and 50 percent from three - point range . Their offensive proficiency and 35 - 27 rebounding advantage helped them overcome 14 turnovers to cruise to a relatively comfortable home victory . The Timberwolves were led by Andrew Wiggins , who supplied 20 points , two assists and one steal . Kris Dunn led the bench with 17 points , four rebounds , one assist and two steals . Karl-Anthony Towns and Ricky Rubio followed with matching 16 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds and a block , and the latter registering four rebounds , four assists and one steal . Gorgui Dieng totaled 13 points , seven rebounds , two assists , four steals and two blocks . Shabazz Muhammad matched Dieng 's scoring total and added two rebounds off the bench . McCollum 's 32 points led the Blazers , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists and one steal . Damian Lillard tallied 21 points , eight assists , six rebounds and two steals . Jusuf Nurkic provided a near double - double with 14 points , nine rebounds , four assists and a block . Allen Crabbe paced the second unit with 10 points , three boards and two blocks . Evan Turner and Al-Farouq Aminu were productive as reserves as well with matching eight - point efforts . The Timberwolves head to Indiana to tangle with the Pacers on Thursday night , while the Trail Blazers head to Los Angeles to take on the Lakers on Sunday evening .
The Utah Jazz defeated the New York Knicks , 114 - 109 , at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . The Jazz ( 4 - 3 ) braced themselves for an offensive void when they lost Gordon Hayward to a finger injury in preseason , as he was slated to miss a minimum of six weeks . However , the standout forward beat the recovery timetable by at least two weeks , starting at the three on Sunday for Utah . He looked as if he had n't missed a beat , rattling off a team - high 28 points , along with five rebounds . While he only found the net on six of his 17 field - goal attempts , he impressively drained all 14 of his shots from the free - throw line . His effort spearheaded a highly productive day for the Jazz offense that saw all five members of the first unit hit double - digit scoring and Utah produce a collective 51 percent success rate from the field . George Hill , who 's helped pick up a good bit of the offensive slack in Hayward 's absence , continued to thrive despite the latter 's return to the court , totaling 23 points , six rebounds , eight assists and a steal . Rodney Hood was right behind with 18 points , six rebounds , five assists and a steal . Rudy Gobert and Derrick Favors turned in a pair of 13 - point efforts from the frontcourt , with the former also contributing eight rebounds , an assist , three blocks and a steal , and the latter supplying six boards . Joe Johnson , who headed to the bench with Hayward 's return , tallied 10 points to pace the bench . The Knicks ( 2 - 4 ) were co - led by a pair of 28 - point outputs for Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis . Anthony also registered nine rebounds and three assists , while Porzingis supplied eight boards , an assist and two blocks . Derrick Rose continued his strong stretch of play to open his tenure in the Big Apple , totaling 18 points , eight assists , four rebounds and a steal . Courtney Lee was the fourth member of the starting five to hit double digits in the scoring column , posting 10 points , six boards and three steals . The Jazz continue their trek through the Northeast with a Monday night visit to Philadelphia to face the Sixers , while the Knicks remain home to tangle with the inter - city rival Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday evening .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Detroit Pistons , 127 - 107 , at Oracle Arena on Thursday . The Warriors were heavy favorites headed into this matchup and they left no doubt who the better team was . It was n't lopsided throughout though , as there were 11 ties and 21 lead changes in the first half . That 's when Golden State turned it on though , outscoring Detroit , 67 - 49 , in the second half . The Warriors offense was on point , shooting 56 percent from the field , 51 percent from three - point range and recording 39 assists . Three-point shooting really killed Detroit , as they went just 6 - of - 28 from long distance . The Pistons ( 18 - 23 ) have struggled on the road all season and a matchup against Golden State is the last thing they wanted to see . Marcus Morris was Detroit 's best player , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and three assists . Andre Drummond recorded another double - double , totaling 12 points and 10 rebounds . Tobias Harris got the start and amassed 18 points and four rebounds . Boban Marjanovic was the only bench player in double figures , amassing 13 points and 11 rebounds on 5 - of - 7 from the field . The Warriors ( 34 - 6 ) have been taking it to teams all season and this blowout win was no different . Kevin Durant led the team in scoring , accruing 25 points , six rebounds and nine assists on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Steph Curry was just as good , collecting 24 points , six assists and five steals . Klay Thompson dropped 23 points of his own . Draymond Green failed to hit a shot , but he provided nine rebounds and 2 assists . Ian Clark and Shaun Livingston each scored in double figures off the bench .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 108 - 107 , at Wells Fargo Center on Tuesday . The Sixers ( 7 - 20 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process '' slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Philadelphia , behind emerging star Joel Embiid , is starting to make some noise around the league . The latest team to get an up - close look at their improving squad was the Nets ( 7 - 19 ) , which were come in to Tuesday 's contest , as they had won four of their last six games . That included a hard - fought road victory for a Sixers ' balanced attack from both teams , as the team tallied a solid 43 percent success rate from the field . They also battled back from a 54 - 37 halftime deficit to score 70 points in the second half . However , two clutch free throws by Joe Harris with six seconds remaining gave Philadelphia a lead they would n't surrender . Ersan Ilyasova added a 22 - point , 4 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and one block . Ersan Ilyasova went for 22 points , while Robert Covington and Robert Covington followed with matching 15 - point efforts . The Nets were paced by Ersan Ilyasova , who supplied 22 points , four rebounds , two assists and one block . Joe Harris posted 19 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Gerald Henderson provided 10 points , two rebounds and three steals . Jahlil Okafor led the second unit with 15 points , five rebounds , two assists and one steal . Joel Embiid paced the Sixers with a 33 - point , nine - rebound double - double that also included eight assists , four blocks and one steal . Joe Harris led the bench with 19 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . Gerald Henderson was productive in a reserve role as well with 10 points , two rebounds and three assists . The Sixers remain on the road and head to the Lone Star State to do battle with the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday night , while the 76ers remain home and await the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening as well .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 121 - 118 , at American Airlines Center on Saturday . These are two teams on the outside looking in for the playoffs and the Pelicans were able to escape with a huge win to get them closer to that eight - seed . Despite Dallas leading by nine points after the first quarter , New Orleans took care of business from there by winning the other three quarters by at least four points . In fact , the Pelicans outscored the Mavericks , 49 - 40 , in the second half . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with New Orleans winning that battle , 44 - 38 . They also stifled Dallas with their defense , holding the Mavericks to 48 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks ( 31 - 43 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and losses like this are devastating for that pursuit . Harrison Barnes led Dallas , as he scored 19 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . DeMarcus Cousins was n't far behind , as he accumulated 29 points , 16 rebounds and six assists . Seth Curry was the only other starter with more than four points , as he provided 18 points , two rebounds and three assists . Jordan Crawford was huge off the bench , providing 15 points and four assists . The Mavericks ( 31 - 43 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Anthony Davis was the player of the game , as he tallied 30 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks in the win . Dirk Nowitzki finished second on the team , totaling 23 points and seven rebounds . Jordan Ferrell was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 18 points and five rebounds . New Orleans will look to get out of this slide on Saturday against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
Kawhi Leonard finished with a game - high 24 points on efficient 10 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds , five assists and one steal , in 37 minutes . Seth Curry followed up with 17 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals , in 35 minutes . LaMarcus Nowitzki added 15 points on 5 - of - 14 shooting , in 28 minutes off the bench , while David Lee chipped in 14 points to go along with three rebounds , four steals and one assist . The Spurs will look to get back on track as they play host to the Jazz on Monday . Meanwhile , the Mavericks ( 36 - 11 ) struggled from the field , shooting only 47 percent . Dirk Nowitzki was the high - point man for San Antonio , with 15 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting , while Wesley Matthews followed up with 17 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Dirk Nowitzki finished with 15 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting . San Antonio shot 47 percent from the field , while holding the Spurs to 47 percent shooting from the field . Meanwhile , Seth Curry led the way for the Spurs , with 19 points on 8 - of - 20 shooting , to go along with three rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 35 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge added 16 points and 10 rebounds , while Manu Matthews chipped in 10 points on 3 - of - 7 shooting , in 24 minutes off the bench .
The Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 16 ) beat the Toronto Raptors ( 24 - 10 ) 125 - 109 on Friday . Phoenix has won four straight games and five of their last six . After starting the season 2 - 1 , it looked like the Raptors were headed for the lottery again next offseason , but they righted the ship over the last week . Isaiah Thomas paced the Suns with a game - high 18 points , eight assists and four steals in 23 minutes . Lou Thomas scored a team - high 17 points on 4 - of - 10 shooting to go along with three rebounds and three assists in 28 minutes . James Dragic contributed 17 points , six rebounds and three assists in 29 minutes . Alex Len was the only other Phoenix starter to score in double figures , scoring 10 points on 5 - of - 6 shooting in 15 minutes . As a team , the Raptors shot 46 percent from the field , 35 percent from beyond the arc and an eye - popping 10 - of - 28 shooting from deep . Markieff Morris contributed 6 points on 8 - of - 9 shooting , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals in 26 minutes . The Suns will host the Philadelphia 76ers ( 17 - 10 ) on Friday . The Suns were playing their second game in as many nights after grinding out an overtime victory in Los Angeles against the Clippers on Wednesday . Kyle Dragic scored a game - high 19 points in just 34 minutes . Toronto has now won three straight games . They 'll face off against the Portland Trail Blazers on Monday in Toronto .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers , 122 - 97 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The third quarter was the difference for Oklahoma City , as they outscored Philadelphia , 32 - 20 . Rebounding was also decisive , with Oklahoma City winning that battle , 54 - 25 . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording two more assists and Philadelphia failing to swat away a single shot from the field . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Thunder recording 26 assists to 16 turnovers , while the 76ers committed 9 turnovers to 19 assists . Philadelphia ( 26 - 45 ) had won three of four headed into this game , but this was a tough task against a potent Oklahoma City offense . Russell Westbrook was the star , as he recorded yet another triple - double late in the second quarter . He finished the game with 18 points , 11 rebounds and 14 assists . Victor Oladipo made his return from a lengthy wrist injury to accrue 18 points , two rebounds and two assists . Enes Kanter led the team in scoring , as he totaled 24 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Nik Stauskas had a nice game off the bench , totaling 13 points , three rebounds and one assist . On deck for Philadelphia is a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday . The Thunder ( 41 - 30 ) had lost six - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Enes Kanter was the lone bright spot for Philadelphia , as he tallied 24 points , 11 rebounds and three blocks off the bench . Victor Oladipo was second on the team , finishing with 18 points , three rebounds and three assists . Dario Saric was huge off the bench , providing 12 points , two rebounds , two assists and three blocks . The Sixers will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in overtime , 103 - 93 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday evening . The Pacers ( 9 - 6 ) came in to Tuesday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Pacers ( 6 - 6 ) jumped out to a 19 - point lead after the first quarter . However , Indiana roared back to outpace the visitors by a 59 - 41 margin over the second and third periods , before seeing the Pacers make a comeback over the final 9 minutes . Both teams saw their first units come through , as each boasted four double - digit scorers among their respective starting five . Irving led the way with 24 points , seven assists , two rebounds and a steal . He was next with a 24 - point , 2 - rebound , five - assist triple - double that also included two steals and a block . Thaddeus Young was next with 16 points , six rebounds , an assist and a steal . Myles Turner turned in a 12 - point , nine - rebound effort that also included a block . Myles Turner supplied a 12 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included four steals , four blocks and a steal . Myles Turner mustered 12 points , nine rebounds , four blocks , three blocks and one steal . Miles led the way for Indiana with 20 points , four rebounds , eight assists , one steal and one block . Thaddeus Young managed 16 points , six rebounds , one assist and one steal . C.J . Miles led the second unit with 10 points , one rebound and one block . The Pacers head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Friday night , while the Pacers remain home to face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday evening .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 26 - 26 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 27 - 24 ) 108 - 91 on Monday at the United Center in Chicago . In a high scoring game , both teams really struggled to get much going offensively . The Hornets shot 44 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Bulls finished at 39 percent from the floor and just 40 percent from deep . The Hornets were led by Kemba Walker , who went 8 - for - 19 from the field and 4 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding eight rebounds and eight assists in just 36 minutes . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 19 points and 13 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 19 points and 13 rebounds on the year . Nicolas Batum was the only other Hornets ' player to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 19 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) , eight assists and 13 rebounds . It was the first time he failed to reach double figures in points since December fifth , although he made up for it with a new season - high in rebounds . E'Twaun Moore chipped in 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) and two steals off the bench . The Hornets ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Bulls will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Sacramento Kings , 110 - 109 , at Golden 2 Center on Saturday . In a battle between two of the stingiest defenses in the league , the Jazz had their best shooting game of the season . In fact , Sacramento pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for the final three quarters . Points in the paint really helped Sacramento , as they won that battle , 48 - 38 . Hood was huge as well , as he tallied 23 points , six rebounds and five assists . Rudy Gobert recorded a 16 - point , 23 - rebound double - double , while adding five assists to his tally . Arron Afflalo provided 17 points and five assists . Rudy Gobert recorded 16 points and 23 rebounds en route to a double - double . Arron Afflalo carried the load for Sacramento , as he accrued 18 points , five rebounds and five assists . Rudy Gobert went just 8 - of - 11 from the field , but still finished with 16 points and nine rebounds . Darren Collison was the only other Kings player in double figures , accumulating 17 points , four rebounds and three assists . On deck for Sacramento is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday . The Kings ( 25 - 37 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and losses like this are devastating for that pursuit . Ty Lawson led Sacramento , as he accumulated 19 points , four rebounds and five assists . Willie Cauley-Stein finished second on the team , amassing 15 points and nine rebounds . Kosta Koufos provided 12 points and 10 rebounds .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 21 - 27 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 31 - 18 ) for the second time this week , winning 92 - 88 on Thursday . They say that familiarity breeds contempt , and though these two teams had n't met this season until Monday , two games in a span of four days caused things to get chippy Thursday at the Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte . The game was physical throughout , most notably when John Wall knocked Gerald Roberts to the floor on a hard screen in the first half . Tensions boiled over in the fourth when Nene Hilario and Nene Hilario got tangled up , drawing a double technical . The Wizards point guard finished with 16 points , 10 assists and one rebound on 4 - of - 14 shooting . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist returned to the lineup after a hamstring injury sidelined him shortly before the break . In other injury news , Kemba Walker is targeting a mid - March return date as he recovers from surgery on his torn meniscus and Bismack Biyombo has been cleared to resume basketball activities and should miss just three more games . The Wizards will return home to host the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday . Washington has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Wizards will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Wizards have the right guys to build a winning team around . Bradley Beal paced the Wizards on Friday , finishing with 18 points and five assists in 39 minutes , while Al Jefferson scored 18 points and grabbed 12 rebounds in 31 minutes . The Hornets will host the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday . The Wizards will finish off their back - to - back set Friday in Minnesota .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 114 - 105 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions , but Phoenix put that to the side by upsetting Phoenix in this big win . After trailing for the entirety of the first quarter , Phoenix responded by leading for the final 28 - pus minutes . The assist - to - turnover ratio was key , as the Suns doubled up the Clippers , 26 - 23 in assists , while committing two less turnovers . Phoenix ( 53 - 29 ) had a tough task here against a hot Suns team , as they simply did n't have enough in the arsenal to win this game . Mirza Teletovic led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points , nine rebounds and two steals on 8 - of - 19 shooting . Austin Rivers was second on the team , collecting 16 points , five rebounds and five assists . Alex Len totaled 10 points , three rebounds and two blocks . Archie Goodwin led the bench with 22 points , while Alan Williams also had a nice game off the bench , totaling 10 points and 12 rebounds . The Suns return to action on Monday , when they host the Los Angeles Lakers for their next game . The Suns ( 53 - 29 ) have now won three - straight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Wesley Johnson was the player of the game , as he tallied 19 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Wesley Johnson finished with 19 points , four rebounds and five assists . Alan Williams recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 14 points and 12 rebounds .
The Houston Rockets defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 129 - 99 , at Toyota Center on Wednesday evening . The Rockets ( 41 - 18 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to right some of the ills that had plagued them over their previous seven games , a stretch in which they 'd suffered five defeats . The Rockets ( 23 - 18 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as Houston forced the Rockets into an uncharacteristic 20 turnovers and made the difference in the game when it counted most to emerge as surprising victors . DeMarcus Cousins naturally played a pivotal role , posting a near triple - double with a game - high 27 points , 13 rebounds , five assists , five steals and four blocks . He led the Rockets ( 41 - 18 ) with 27 points , nine of which came in the first quarter . Cousins added nine rebounds , an assist , two steals and four blocks to his team - high 27 points . Cousins followed with a 13 - point , 14 - assist double - double that also included eight rebounds , five blocks and a steal . Clint Capela chipped in with a 15 - point , 8 - rebound double - double , while Omri Casspi provided 12 points and two boards in a reserve role as well . The Rockets were led by Anthony Davis 's 29 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . Eric Gordon supplied 19 points , two assists , a rebound and two steals . Clint Capela followed with a 15 - point , 8 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of blocks . Montrezl Harrell led the bench with 10 points , three rebounds and two assists . The Pelicans continue on the road and visit the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday evening , while the Rockets visit the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday evening as well .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 13 - 13 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 9 - 13 ) 88 - 90 on Tuesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Bucks 16 - 16 in the first quarter alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game , going 39 percent from the field and 24 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 41 percent from the floor and 31 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Damian Lillard . Lillard went 8 - for - 19 from the field and 3 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also adding seven assists . He 's now combined for 58 points and 19 rebounds in the last two games . Giannis Antetokounmpo also had a strong showing , posting 17 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , nine rebounds and two assists . It was his second game in a row shooting over 55 percent , as he 's combined to go 17 - of - 41 from the field over that stretch . C.J . McCollum did everything he could to keep the Bucks in this game while going 5 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 10 from beyond the arc to score 17 points . After struggling with his shot on Friday , it was a nice bounce back game for him . Both Jabari Parker and Ed Davis reached double figures in points as well . Monroe finished with 16 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and 12 rebounds , while Parker posted 12 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) , six rebounds and four assists . The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday , while the Bucks will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Sacramento Kings , 102 - 88 , at Target Center on Monday . In a battle between two teams looking to vie for the eight - seed in the west , Minnesota prevailed with a big win . They took care of busines from start to finish , as the T'Wolves led for over 45 minutes of this game . Defense carried Minnesota , as they held Sacramento to 44 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Timberwolves recording 25 assists to 10 turnovers , while the Kings committed 18 turnovers to just 23 assists . The Timberwolves ( 24 - 36 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Karl-Anthony Towns carried the load , as he collected 29 points , 17 rebounds and three blocks . Andrew Wiggins was n't far behind , as he tallied 27 points and four rebounds . Kosta Koufos recorded a 14 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . Andrew Lawson had one of his best games of the season , dropping a career - high 27 points on 10 - of - 22 shooting . Ty Lawson recorded a double - double , accumulating 11 points , nine rebounds and 10 assists . The Timberwolves will look to get out of this slide in a rivalry game against the Sacramento Kings on Sunday . The Timberwolves ( 24 - 36 ) are now below .500 across their last 24 games , with this loss being the worst of the season . Karl-Anthony Towns did all he could for Sacramento , as he led the team with 29 points , 17 rebounds and three blocks . Ben McLemore was second on the team , as he scored 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Nemanja Bjelica was the only bench player in double figures , totaling 10 points and 12 rebounds . Minnesota will look to build off this win on Wednesday in a road matchup versus the Chicago Bulls .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 29 - 12 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 12 - 29 ) 113 - 93 on Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . The Thunder got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Thunder did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 22 percent compared to the Sixers , who went 42 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Thunder did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Timberwolves into 12 turnovers , while committing just six of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . Andrew Wiggins had his way with the Timberwolves in this one . He went 10 - for - 22 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also adding three assists . He 's now combined for 57 points over his last two games , so he continues to ride the hot hand . Durant on the other hand went 7 - for - 14 from the field and 0 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding six rebounds and seven assists . He 's had two solid showings in a row , combining for 29 points , 12 rebounds and 10 assists over that span . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 42 points and 12 rebounds over that span of this time . Coming off the bench , Dion Waiters was dialed in with his shot . He went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 20 points in 28 minutes . He shot a combined 5 - for - 11 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Zach LaVine added 13 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , six rebounds and four steals in 33 minutes . The Thunder 's next game will be on the road against the Phoenix Suns on Thursday , while the Timberwolves will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Wednesday .
Giannis Antetokounmpo and Khris Middleton led the way for the Bucks with 21 points each . Antetokounmpo added five rebounds , six assists , two steals and two blocks , in 33 minutes , while Middleton added five rebounds , six assists and two steals . Khris Middleton chipped in 21 points on 8 - of - 9 shooting , along with six rebounds and six assists , in 31 minutes . Jahlil Okafor chipped in 17 points on 5 - of - 16 shooting , and eight rebounds , in 32 minutes . Carl Landry chipped in 10 points on 2 - of - 6 shooting , and five rebounds , in 8 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for the Sixers , with 22 points on 11 - of - 13 shooting , to go along with five rebounds , six assists and two steals , in 33 minutes . Hollis Thompson came up big with 16 points and five rebounds , while Hollis Thompson chipped in 16 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , in 32 minutes off the bench . The Bucks shot 6 - of - 18 from long range and 60 percent from the field on the night . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for the 76ers , with 22 points before exiting the game with 22 points and five rebounds . Jabari Parker followed up with 16 points , while Jabari Parker chipped in 16 . The Sixers shot 46 percent from the field , while Philadelphia shot a poor 46 percent from the field . Next , the 76ers will host the Knicks on Sunday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Milwaukee Bucks , 106 - 88 , at American Airlines Arena on Thursday . These are two teams on the outside looking in for the playoffs and the Heat were able to escape with a huge win to get them closer to that eight - seed . Despite Milwaukee leading for the majority of the first quarter , Miami took care of business against the Bucks . Defense was key for Miami , as they held Milwaukee to 47 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a huge advantage for the Heat , as they won that battle , 48 - 33 . Hassan Whiteside was a monster , as he led the team with 23 points and 16 rebounds on 10 - of - 12 shooting . Goran Dragic finished with 16 points , four rebounds and seven assists . James Johnson was huge off the bench , as he provided 20 points , four rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . Giannis Antetokounmpo was the lone bright spot for the Bucks , as he led the team with 20 points and eight rebounds . Jabari Parker was second on the team , scoring 14 points to go along with two assists . Matthew Johnson went off for 5 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals . Michael Beasley was the only other starter with more than four points , as he provided 11 points , two rebounds and four assists . The Bucks will host the Boston Celtics on Sunday for their next game .
The Orlando Magic ( 5 - 7 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 8 ) 107 - 93 on Sunday at the Amway Center in Detroit . Despite suffering the nine - point loss , the Magic took the upper hand in shooting percentages . The Pistons shot 40 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Pistons went 40 percent from the floor and a meager 46 percent from beyond the arc . Despite out - rebounding the Magic 41 - 41 , they turned the ball over 14 times , which may have been the difference in this one . The Magic were led by Nikola Vucevic , who went 10 - for - 18 from the field to score 25 points , while also adding 14 rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he continues to be the team scoring leader . Caron Oladipo was also a force , finishing with 20 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , six rebounds and three steals . It was his second straight impressive performance , combining for 46 points , 17 rebounds and 10 assists over his last two games . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope gave the team a solid boost off the bench with 08 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , three rebounds and six assists . His re - emergence has been huge for the Magic , as he 's now posted eight straight games with 26 or more points . The fifth - year pro out of Fresno State is now averaging 67 points and 6 rebounds on the season . Coming off the bench , Channing Frye chipped in with 12 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt ) and five rebounds off the bench . The Magic 's next game will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Pistons will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 6 - 15 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 10 - 12 ) 110 - 105 on Friday . Brooklyn stopped their three - game losing streak with the win . Marcus Thornton led the team with a game - high 22 points in 26 minutes off the bench . The Nets have won seven of their last eight games , and they 'll travel to Utah to play the Jazz on Monday in search of another win . Houston could n't find the bottom of the net Friday , but they 've won five of their last seven games . Isaiah Thomas sat out a second straight game with an ankle bruise . They had just one starter finish in double digits , but four bench players were able to crack the threshold . They 'll return home to host the Orlando Magic on Sunday . Houston has lost four of their last five games as they 've had to be going to get out of the lineup that they 've been traversing a particularly difficult stretch of their schedule . Dwight Howard was moved back into the starting lineup , and he put up 10 points and nine rebounds in 29 minutes . Thaddeus Young also had a nice game , recording 20 points and 12 rebounds in 34 minutes . Bojan Bogdanovic put up a nice game off the bench , putting up 19 points and nine assists in 37 minutes . The Rockets will go on the road for the second game of a back - to - back set on Sunday , facing the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 50 - 22 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 35 - 37 ) 113 - 91 on Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . This marked a big win for the Thunder , as they passed up the New Orleans Pelicans for the eighth and final projected seed in the Western Conference standings . The Pelicans are just a half game behind them though , with the Suns trailing by just three games as well , so it 'll remain a fight for the last seed all the way until the end of the regular season in the West . The Jazz , on the other hand , are currently in the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference standings . They 're even with the Indiana Pacers , but hold the tie breaker , so they remain ahead of them for now . The Jazz are also just a game behind the Miami Heat for the seventh spot . With both Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka out due to injury , Russell Westbrook continued to put on a show . He did n't have the best night shooting the ball ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , but he got to the free throw line at will and converted on 4 - of - 3 three - pointers to finish with 20 points and eight rebounds in just 27 minutes . Steven Adams was the only other Thunder player to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 14 points and seven rebounds . The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Jazz will travel to San Antonio to play the Spurs on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies 115 - 106 at Staples Center on Monday . The banged up Clippers ( 24 - 14 ) have gone through a brutal stretch of games , but erased a six game losing streak with a needed win at home . J.J. Reddick and DeAndre Jordan led Los Angeles in a variety of ways and staved off a late Grizzlies ( 22 - 16 ) rally . A tight knit first half saw Los Angeles start to pull away in midway through the second quarter , but Marc Gasol and Jamal Crawford hit a pair of free throws apiece to seal the win . Crawford paced the way for the Clippers with 22 points , which he supplemented with four assists and one rebound . Conley was right behind him with 17 points , seven rebounds and a pair of blocks . Raymond Felton drew another start in place of Avery Paul ( Achilles ) , posting 11 points , four rebounds , six assists and four steals . Vince Carter led the second unit with 11 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a block . Marc Gasol , James turned in a remarkable effort with 23 points , six rebounds , six assists , two steals and a block . Zach Randolph was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , three rebounds and one block . James led the way for the Clippers with a near triple - double of 8 points , six assists , four rebounds , two steals and a block . Jamal Crawford paced the bench with 22 points , four assists and one rebound . JJ Conley managed a 17 - point , 2 - assist double - double that also included seven rebounds and a block . Zach Randolph was productive as a reserve as well with 13 points , three rebounds and one block . The Clippers head to Charlotte to take on the Hornets on Friday night , while the Clippers remain home to tangle with the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday evening as well .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 94 - 86 , at Air Canada Center on Wednesday . Both of these teams have been struggling mightily headed into this matchup , but Toronto prevailed in a near wire - to - wire win . In fact , the Raptors led for the final 42 minutes , as they held a double - digit lead for the majority of that stretch . That 's evident by the first quarter , in which Toronto outscored Dallas , 30 - 22 . Despite all the statistics being close , the Raptors won nearly every one , as they led in shooting , rebounding , assisting , steals , blocks and turnover differentials . The Raptors defense was huge , as they held the Mavericks to 38 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . The Raptors also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording five more assists , while committing three less turnovers . Serge Ibaka was the lone bright spot for Dallas , as he tallied 18 points and eight rebounds . Serge Ibaka totaled 18 points and eight rebounds . Serge Ibaka was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points and eight rebounds . Patrick Patterson and Patrick Ferrell each scored 10 points a piece off the bench . DeMar DeRozan was the player of the game , as he scored 18 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting , while adding three rebounds and five assists . Harrison Barnes and Serge Ibaka were the only other Mavericks players in double figures , as they scored 18 points a piece .
Kevin Durant led the way for a 30 - point effort with Kevin Durant 's matching 30 points , five rebounds , five assists and five blocks . DeAndre Jordan had a monster game by his standards , posting 20 points , 18 rebounds , two blocks and a steal . J.J. Redick was next with 18 points , a rebound and three assists . Serge Ibaka supplied 11 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and a steal in 33 minutes . Westbrook dished out 12 assists , hauled in six rebounds and recorded a steal . Jamal Crawford supplied 12 points , two assists , two rebounds and a steal in 32 minutes . Westbrook paced the Clippers with a 24 - point , 6 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of assists and a steal . JJ Paul went for 16 points , four boards , two assists and a steal . Wesley Johnson registered 11 points , four rebounds , two assists , five steals and a block . Enes Kanter led the bench with 11 points , three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Durant paced the Clippers with 30 points , 11 rebounds , five assists and five blocks . Paul Paul tallied 21 points , 13 assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block . Serge Ibaka totaled 11 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and one steal . Jamal Crawford and Jamal Crawford were productive as reserves with matching 12 - point efforts . The Clippers head back home to tangle with the Golden State Warriors on Monday night , while the Clippers remain home and await the Phoenix Suns on Thursday evening .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Miami Heat , 91 - 82 , at Spectrum Center on Thursday . The refrain is a familiar one for the Hornets ( 19 - 14 ) , but does n't seem to get old : The dynamic duo of Kemba Walker and Nicolas Batum supply a significant portion of the offense , and the complementary pieces around them step up in support as needed . That formula equaled another home victory for Charlotte on Thursday , their 11th of the season in 17 home games . Walker scored a game - high 22 points , while Batum provided 16 . The hosts also played superior team defense , holding the Heat ( 10 - 23 ) to 40 percent shooting overall and inducing 16 turnovers . Miami was paced by Josh Richardson , who followed up a 22 - point outing against the Thunder on Tuesday with another 20 points on Thursday , along with four rebounds , two assists , a block and a steal . Tyler Johnson came off the bench to supply 18 points , seven rebounds , five assists , two steals and a block . Wayne Ellington provided 12 points , two boards and an assist in a reserve role as well . The returning Goran Dragic could only muster five points on 2 - of - 11 shooting , although he did add eight assists , three rebounds and a steal . Hassan Whiteside went for eight points , 10 rebounds and two blocks , notably taking only seven shots on the night . Walker complemented his aforementioned scoring total with seven rebounds , four assists and a steal . Batum filled out the stat sheet with 13 rebounds , eight assists , three steals and a block . Marvin Williams registered 13 points , two assists , a rebound and a steal . Cody Zeller offered nine points , seven rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block , while Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 10 points , nine rebounds and a block . The Heat next head to Boston for a Friday night battle with the Celtics , while the Hornets host the Cleveland Cavaliers for a New Year 's Eve showdown on Saturday night .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers , 122 - 97 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The third quarter was the difference for Oklahoma City , as they outscored Philadelphia , 32 - 20 . Rebounding was also decisive , with Oklahoma City winning that battle , 54 - 25 . The Thunder also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording two more assists and Philadelphia failing to swat away a single shot from the field . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , with the Thunder recording 26 assists to 16 turnovers , while the 76ers committed 9 turnovers to 19 assists . Philadelphia ( 26 - 45 ) had won three of four headed into this game , but this was a tough task against a potent Oklahoma City offense . Russell Westbrook was the star , as he recorded yet another triple - double late in the second quarter . He finished the game with 18 points , 11 rebounds and 14 assists . Victor Oladipo made his return from a lengthy wrist injury to accrue 18 points , two rebounds and two assists . Enes Kanter led the team in scoring , as he totaled 24 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Nik Stauskas had a nice game off the bench , totaling 13 points , four rebounds and three assists . Philadelphia will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers . Oklahoma City ( 41 - 30 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the NBA and they fell just shy in this close loss . Russell Westbrook carried the load , as he tallied 18 points , 11 rebounds and 14 assists en route to a triple - double . Nik Stauskas came off the bench to drop 20 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Victor Oladipo scored 18 points of his own , adding three rebounds and an assist . Dario Saric was second on the team , totaling 12 points , two rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 14 shooting .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 100 - 92 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . Despite the final scoreline being close , the Jazz were in control for the majority of the game . The third quarter was when Utah made their mark , as they outscored the Cavaliers , 19 - 26 . All the statistics were close , with the Jazz winning the shooting , rebounding , assisting and turnover differentials . Kevin James was the only starter with more than 12 points , as he tallied 12 points , six rebounds and five assists . Kyrie Irving was n't far behind , accumulating 28 points , nine rebounds and two assists . LeBron James was the player of the game , collecting 29 points , six rebounds and five assists . Rodney Hood was second on the team , finishing with 18 points , five rebounds and three assists . Tristan Thompson totaled 12 points and 12 rebounds . Gordon Hayward had to carry the load for Cleveland , as he led the team with 28 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Rudy Gobert double - doubled in a 11 - point , 14 - rebound outing . On deck for Utah is a matchup with the Houston Rockets on Wednesday . The Jazz ( 24 - 16 ) have been dominant at home this season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . Gordon Hayward was the player of the game , as he collected 28 points , nine rebounds , two assists and a steal . Rudy Gobert was huge down low , as he amassed 11 points and 14 rebounds . Tristan Thompson recorded a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . The bench was huge as well , as Rodney Hood , Trey Lyles and Rodney Lyles combined for 25 points and 16 rebounds .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Chicago Bulls , 116 - 96 , at United Center on Saturday . The dynamic duo of Giannis Antetokounmpo and Jabari Parker were at it again for the Bucks ( 16 - 16 ) , as they posted over half of the team 's scoring total while each played at least 40 minutes . Their combined 23 - of - 34 effort from the field spearheaded a red - hot Milwaukee offense that drained their buckets at a 57 percent clip , and that also was successful on 60 percent of their 15 attempts from behind the arc . Meanwhile , the Bulls ( 16 - 18 ) could only get one such standout effort , which came from Jimmy Butler . The offensive imbalance ultimately left them unable to keep pace as the game wore on , and accordingly , the Bucks outscored their hosts by a 67 - 45 margin in the second half . Antetokounmpo tallied a game - high 35 points , and added nine rebounds , 2 assists , seven blocks and two steals in a remarkable performance . Parker followed with 27 points , five rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Malcolm Brogdon continued his rapid development , as he managed 15 points , 12 assists and 11 rebounds , his first career triple - double . Greg Monroe led the bench with 15 points , 12 rebounds , two assists and a pair of steals . Butler 's 26 points paved the way for Chicago , and he complemented them with eight assists , seven boards and two steals . Robin Lopez provided a 12 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . Taj Gibson contributed 11 points , five rebounds , an assist and a block . Michael Carter-Williams , who drew the start for the struggling Rajon Rondo , and Dwyane Wade both struggled , as they only supplied four and eight points , respectively . Doug McDermott ( 13 points , three assists , a rebound and a steal ) and Nikola Mirotic ( 10 points , four rebounds ) helped make up for some of the scoring void off the bench . The Bucks head back home to host the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday night , while the Bulls remain home to face the Charlotte Hornets on Friday evening as well .
The Miami Heat ( 35 - 26 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 15 - 46 ) 108 - 92 on Monday at American Airlines Arena in Miami . Down 78 - 68 coming out of the third quarter , the Heat started playing with some urgency and out - scored the Suns 24 - 24 to pull it even and force a nine - point victory . The Heat shot very well in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 53 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns went 40 percent from the floor and just 23 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat were also able to force the Suns into 9 turnovers , while only committing 12 of their own . The Heat were led by Devin Booker , who went 11 - for - 21 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 34 points , while also adding three rebounds . He 's picked up his scoring of late with so many injuries affecting this team , as he 's averaging just 10 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a double - double , Alex Len finished with 12 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and 13 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 23 points and 46 rebounds over those two games . The only other Suns player to reach double figures in points was Luol Deng , who recorded 12 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and four rebounds in 29 minutes . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday , while the Suns will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 10 - 19 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 14 - 15 ) 108 - 101 on Tuesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Charlotte . The Hornets were the superior shooters in this one , going 44 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 48 percent from the floor and a meager 38 percent from beyond the arc . Despite out - rebounding the Hornets 40 - 43 , they turned the ball over 25 times , which may have been the difference in this one . The Hornets were led by a big game from Brandon Knight , who went 13 - for - 21 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 34 points , while also adding five assists . He temporarily left the game in the first quarter after straining his hamstring , but he came back in the second and played through the injury to bring the Hornets to a huge win . Gerald Henderson was the other big contributor , as he went 5 - for - 10 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also handing out four assists . The 34 points were a season - high for Knight . Gerald Henderson had 20 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) as the starting point guard . The Bucks ' next game will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday , while the Bucks will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 33 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 33 - 13 ) 116 - 106 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Oklahoma City , as they shot 46 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The fourth quarter is where the Nets really turned it on , as they outscored the Thunder 31 to 29 . The Thunder was led by Kevin Durant , who tallied 32 points and 10 rebounds in the victory . They also got some nice contributions off the bench , as all five players off the bench had at least five points and two rebounds . It 's a rough time in Oklahoma City right now , but they have to look at performances like these as victories and take them with a grain of salt . They 'll look to build off this loss when they host the Dallas Mavericks on Monday . Coach Greg Popovich is probably not very happy with this performance , but he 'll take the win . The Nets came in as 15 - point favorites and never really seemed close to covering that spread . Oklahoma City was led by Russell Westbrook , who recorded yet another triple - double in a fantastic performance . Westbrook tallied 27 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists in the win . Kevin Durant led the team with 32 points and also grabbed 10 rebounds in the win . Thaddeus Young also had a nice game off the bench , totaling 14 points and 14 rebounds in just 39 minutes of action . Kevin Durant led the team with 32 points , while also snatching down 10 rebounds in the win . Thaddeus Young flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 14 points , 14 rebounds and three assists in the victory . The Thunder will look to keep this momentum going against the Indiana Pacers on Monday .
Paul George 's 39 point - effort paced Indiana , which managed what was only their fourth road victory of the season . All five members of the starting five posted double - digit scoring , and the Pacers shot 41 percent overall , while holding the Lakers to sub - 20 percent success rates from the field and three - point range . Jordan Clarkson 's 22 points off the bench led the Lakers . Julius Randle managed 11 points , while George Hill was productive in a reserve role with 11 points . Kobe Bryant ' 13 points led the Lakers , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Nick Young totaled 22 points , two rebounds and an assist . Monta Ellis was productive in a reserve role as well , generating 11 points , six assists and three rebounds . Kobe Bryant led the way for Los Angeles with 13 points , which he supplemented with 10 rebounds and six assists . Monta Ellis was next with 15 points , three rebounds , six assists and one block . Julius Randle totaled 11 points , 12 rebounds , one assist and one block . Rodney Stuckey submitted 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals in 27 minutes off the bench . Jordan Hill led the bench with 22 points , nine rebounds , six assists and one steal . Kobe Bryant paced the Sixers with 13 points , four rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block . Kobe Bryant put together a 13 - point , 4 - rebound double - double that also included one assist . Kobe Bryant did a little bit of everything as well , managing 13 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two blocks . The Pacers head back home to tangle with the Boston Celtics on Saturday night , while the Lakers remain home to face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday evening .
The Toronto Raptors ( 51 - 24 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 41 - 35 ) 99 - 95 on Friday in Toronto . The Raptors were led by their All-Star point guard , Kyle Lowry , who recorded a triple - double of 22 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and three assists . He also chipped in three rebounds , two assists and a steal . Kyle Lowry was the only other Memphis starter to score in double figures , finishing with 22 points on 7 - of - 17 shooting in 36 minutes . Valanciunas also had four rebounds and two assists , while Randolph had a double - double with 16 points and 4 rebounds . Norman Powell came off the bench to score 14 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) , to go with two rebounds , five assists , two steals and one block in 31 minutes . Zach Randolph led the way for Memphis , scoring 16 points on 6 - 18 shooting , to go along with four rebounds and three assists , in 29 minutes off the bench . No one else scored in double digits for the Grizzlies , who shot a horrid 42 percent from the field on the game . JaMychal Green was the high - point man for the Grizzlies , with 10 points , along with four rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 31 minutes . The Grizzlies shot only 41 percent from the field but turned the ball over 19 times , compared to Charlotte’s five . Up next , the Grizzlies take on the Warriors on Saturday . The Grizzlies play host to the Knicks on Friday night .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 28 - 12 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 22 - 18 ) 108 - 89 on Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . This marked a big win for the Thunder , as they passed up the New Orleans Pelicans for the eighth and final projected seed in the Western Conference standings . The Pelicans are just a half game behind them though , with the Suns trailing by just three games as well , so it 'll remain a fight for the last seed all the way until the end of the regular season in the West . The Thunder , on the other hand , are currently in the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference standings . They 're even with the Indiana Pacers , but hold the tie breaker , so they remain ahead of them for now . The Mavericks are also just a game behind the Miami Heat for the seventh spot . With both Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka out due to injury , Russell Durant and Kevin Durant were the big story . Durant led the Thunder with 29 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 4 - 8 3Pt , 7 - 9 FT ) , 10 rebounds and four assists , while Ibaka posting 20 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , 11 rebounds and three blocked shots . Durant has been on an absolute tear of late , posting four double - doubles in a row , while averaging 18 points and 18 rebounds over that span . He 's averaging 14 points and 14 rebounds on the season . Serge Ibaka played a big factor in the win as well , finishing with 20 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and 11 rebounds . It was his fifth double - double of the season . Salah Mejri had a huge contribution off the bench with 17 points ( 7 - 8 FG , 3 - 5 FT ) and nine rebounds . The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday .
The New York Knicks ( 18 - 19 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 21 - 14 ) 98 - 90 on Tuesday at Madison Square Garden in Miami . The Knicks got out quickly in this game , out - scoring the Heat 22 - 21 in the first quarter alone . The Knicks were the superior shooters , going 56 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Heat went 45 percent from the floor and just 12 percent from beyond the arc . The Knicks were also able to force the Heat into 13 turnovers , while committing only 11 of their own . The Knicks were led by the duo of Carmelo Anthony and Chris Bosh . Bosh went 12 - for - 22 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding five rebounds . He 's now combined for 52 points over his last two games , as he 's been on fire of late . Dwyane Wade also had a strong showing , posting 18 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds and six assists . It was his second straight night with 18 points , as he 's a combined 26 - of - 34 from the field over the last two games . Coming off the bench , Derrick Williams finished with 13 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , eight rebounds and four steals in 18 minutes . The Knicks ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Heat will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Saturday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Utah Jazz , 88 - 75 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , the more potent offense was able to prevail with a victory . Blake Griffin was the star , as he hit the game - winning shot with nine seconds left , but still finished with 18 points , nine rebounds and four blocks . Blake Griffin was the star of the game though , as he tallied 18 points , 10 rebounds , eight assists and four blocks . Austin Rivers was the lone bright spot for the Jazz , as he led the team with 19 points , two rebounds and three assists . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 7 points , 16 rebounds and three blocks . Dante Exum and Dante Exum scored 10 points a piece off the bench . The Clippers will look to keep rolling on Wednesday , when they host the Los Angeles Lakers for their next game . The Clippers ( 2 - 2 ) got some great efforts from their stud players , but fell just short when it mattered the most . Blake Griffin did n't let up though , as he scored a team - high 18 points , to go along with 10 rebounds and one assist . George Hill was n't far behind , finishing with 18 points , two rebounds and three assists of his own . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , amassing 7 points and 16 rebounds on 3 - of - 10 shooting . On deck for the Clippers is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday . The Clippers ( 1 - 2 ) came into this game tied for the worst record in the west , so this win is a mixed result . George Hill was the player of the game , as he tallied 18 points , two rebounds and three assists . Blake Griffin was second on the team , finishing with 18 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . The only other player in double figures was Jamal Crawford , who dropped 10 points off the bench . Up next for the Clippers is a rivalry game against the Golden State Warriors on Saturday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Indiana Pacers , 101 - 93 , at American Airlines Arena on Monday . Despite the Pacers leading for nearly the entirety of this game , this fixture was closer than it looks . In fact , there were 11 ties and 5 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 10 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , as Miami recorded eight more assists than the Pacers , while committing five less turnovers . Hassan Whiteside continued his torrid start , as he led the team with 19 points , 18 rebounds and three blocks . Dwyane Wade was second on the team , as he accrued 16 points , five rebounds and three assists . Josh McRoberts was a nice spark off the bench , collecting 10 points , six rebounds and three assists . On deck for Miami is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday . The Pacers ( 30 - 24 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to climb up the Eastern Conference ladder . Goran Dragic led the team in scoring , as he provided 24 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Goran Dragic was n't far behind , accruing 24 points and eight rebounds . Luol Deng recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 16 rebounds . Paul George led Miami in scoring , as he accumulated 31 points , six rebounds and four assists . Hassan Whiteside was a beast down low , amassing 16 points and 5 rebounds on 8 - of - 13 shooting .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 101 - 92 , at Target Center on Monday . The Timberwolves ( 12 - 26 ) put an end to a four - game losing streak with Monday 's victory , and it was thanks in large part to the monster performance put on by Karl-Anthony Towns . After scoring 20 points in the first quarter and outscoring the entire Mavericks ( 11 - 27 ) team by himself , Towns finished with a game - high 34 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and three blocks in 37 minutes . The big man 's night was made even easier with Ricky Rubio shining as a facilitator , notching a double - double of his own with 13 points and 15 assists on top of five rebounds and five steals . The two helped the Timberwolves lead wire - to - wire Thursday , as the team overall shot a very impressive 56 percent from the field . As for the Mavericks , the loss leaves them alone at the very bottom of the Western Conference , but the defeat did n't come without a pair of great performances from their stars in the frontcourt . Harrison Barnes led the way with a team - high 30 points , while veteran Dirk Nowtizki posted 26 points , five rebounds and four assists in 31 minutes . Unfortunately for Dallas , they failed to get any other significant contributions elsewhere , with the other 20 Mavericks players who played combining to score just 36 points . And while Dallas managed to shoot an impressive 46 percent from behind the arc , their inability to get to the free throw line ended up hurting them , as they shot just 7 - of - 9 from the charity stripe . Up next , the Timberwolves will stay home Wednesday to play the Rockets , while the Mavericks will head home to take on the Suns on Thursday .
The Washington Wizards ( 28 - 13 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 17 - 24 ) 99 - 90 on Saturday . The game was an entertaining back - and - forth affair , with both teams playing at superior levels at different points throughout the contest . Washington looked prepared to dominate in the first 12 minutes , jumping out to a 23 - 23 lead after the first quarter . The visitors systematically went about their business the rest of the way however , and their top - ranked defense began to exert its will over Washington . Washington elicited 10 turnovers from the Nets , while only committing 13 of their own . The Nets were paced by Brook Lopez 's 15 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , an assist and a block . Joe Johnson was next with 15 points , three rebounds , five assists and three steals . John Wall followed with a trademark double - double , posting 11 points , six assists , six boards , three steals and a block . Mason Plumlee was next with a near double - double , amassing 10 points , nine rebounds , two assists and a block . Kris Humphries paced the reserves with 13 points , four rebounds and a block . Brooklyn remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head back home to face off against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday night . Washington was led by a pair of 17 - point efforts from their starting backcourt of Bradley Beal and Brook Lopez . The former also supplied five assists , five rebounds and a steal , while the latter supplied four rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Joe Johnson continued his resurgent play with a near double - double , supplying 15 points , eight assists , nine boards and a steal . Marcin Gortat was a force on the boards once again , totaling 15 points , five rebounds and an assist . Kris Humphries led the bench with 13 points , four rebounds and a steal . The Nets remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're home again Sunday for a date with the Charlotte Hornets .
The Boston Celtics ( 12 - 9 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 5 - 16 ) 111 - 93 on Monday at the Smoothie King Center in Boston . The Celtics got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Pelicans 25 - 25 in the first quarter alone . The Celtics were the superior shooters , going 49 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Pelicans went just 41 percent from the floor and a meager 31 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Celtics also secured a 46 - 44 rebounding advantage . The Celtics were led by the duo of Isaiah Thomas and Isaiah Thomas . Thomas went 9 - for - 13 from the field and 4 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding five assists . The 22 points were a new season - high for him , while the double - double was his second in the last three games . Coming off the bench , Kelly Olynyk went 8 - for - 13 from the floor and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 21 points in 27 minutes . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only eight points against the Orlando Oklahoma City Thunder . The Pelicans ' next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday , while the Pelicans will travel to Philadelphia to play the Sixers on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 39 - 7 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 25 - 23 ) 130 - 99 on Monday at the Toyota Center in San Antonio . The Spurs came out of the third quarter down 75 - 69 , but absolutely exploded in the fourth quarter , out - scoring the Rockets 28 - 26 to steal the victory . The Spurs were led by the duo of LaMarcus Aldridge and Kawhi Leonard . Aldridge went 9 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also grabbing 10 rebounds . Continuing to show himself as one of the best centers in the league , it was Aldridge 's third straight double - double . Harden on the other hand , added 10 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 9 - 9 FT ) , three rebounds and two assists , while Leonard had 18 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and a steal . The only other Rocket to reach double figures was Josh Smith , who scored 11 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) to go along with seven assists , three rebounds and two steals . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Wednesday , while the Rockets will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday after one game off in the Golden State Center .
The Detroit Pistons ( 11 - 9 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 7 - 13 ) 102 - 95 on Saturday . Detroit is on a two - game win streak . Marcus Morris led the way for the Pistons with a double - double of 23 points and 3 - 15 shooting from the field . Khris Middleton recorded a double - double , finishing with 21 points and three assists in 34 minutes . The Pistons have three days off before going on the road to play the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday . Milwaukee saw their two - game winning streak come to an end with the loss . Nearly all of the Bucks ' key players struggled to finish on offense . MVP candidate Michael Carter-Williams shot just 3 - of - 8 from the field to post eight points . Milwaukee will finish its back - to - back set Saturday in Houston against the Hornets . Milwaukee has been one of the darlings of the NBA so far this season . They 're playing better than any expert expected , and that 's why Friday 's drubbing at the hands of the Pistons was more of a surprise than it would have been in the past . Michael Carter-Williams recorded his second straight double - double , putting up 12 points and nine rebounds in 34 minutes . The Pistons will finish out their back - to - back set Wednesday in Charlotte against the Hornets . Milwaukee saw their three - game win streak come to an end with this loss . The Pistons begin a four - game homestand Wednesday against the Pelicans .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 2 - 1 ) used a big third - quarter run to turn Friday’s game against the Boston Celtics ( 1 - 2 ) into a laugher , claiming a 105 - 78 victory over the visitors . San Antonio trailed by five after an uninspired first half , but the team came out of the break with some fire . Tony Parker was instrumental in turning the game into a runaway , scoring the first eight points of the third quarter to spark a 28 - 33 run that flipped a five - point deficit into a 13 - point lead heading into the fourth . The Spurs would continue their dominance over the final 13 minutes to easily dispatch the Celtics , relying on a rather balanced scoring attack to accomplish that feat . All five starters had between six and 19 points , while coach Gregg Popovich used eight bench players , who combined for an impressive 43 points . What began as an encouraging start for the Celtics resulted in a second consecutive 19 - point loss , putting the team in an early hole to begin the season . LaMarcus Aldridge led the way for San Antonio , scoring 24 points on 8 - of - 18 shooting in 35 minutes . His running mate in the backcourt Avery Bradley had a very well - rounded performance , scoring 18 points , grabbing four rebounds and dishing out three assists in 30 minutes . As a team , the Celtics shot 43 percent from the field and 26 percent from behind the arc . Jared Sullinger lead the way with an extremely efficient 24 points ( 0 - 18 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 8 - 10 FT ) , 14 rebounds , five assists , and one steal in 35 minutes . Manu Ginobili had 23 points ( 4 - 18 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt ) , one rebound , five assists and one steal in 27 minutes . Jared Sullinger contributed 10 points ( 4 - 12 FG ) , eight rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block in 24 minutes . The Celtics will head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Wednesday , as the Spurs will travel to Minnesota for a date with the Timberwolves .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves 119 - 105 at Target Center on Saturday . These are two teams headed in opposite directions and this result shows just where they 're headed . The Clippers were in control for the majority of the game , as there were only four ties and six lead changes . Los Angeles actually led for the entirety of the second half , as Minnesota never led by more than two points in the first half . The Clippers shot lights - out hitting 53 percent fro the field and 46 percent from three - point range . Los Angeles also took advantage of the whistle , going 28 - of - 37 from the free - throw line , with Minnesota taking just 21 free - throw attempts . The Clippers ( 9 - 1 ) are the hottest team in the NBA right now and they used a different recipe to win this one . All five starters were great , as they each scored 15 or more points in the win . Blake Griffin led the team , totaling 20 points , 11 rebounds and four assists . Chris Paul was n't far behind , finishing with 19 points , four rebounds and eight assists . DeAndre Jordan posted a monster double - double , scoring 18 points and grabbing 16 rebounds . The big man also went an efficient 10 - of - 16 from the free - throw line . The Clippers look likely to continue this success , as they host the Brooklyn Nets for their next game on Monday . The Timberwolves ( 2 - 6 ) have been one of the biggest disappointments this season and it 's a wonder when they 'll pull out of this hole . Ricky Rubio did return from an elbow injury in this game , as he accumulated seven points , six rebounds and six assists in the loss . Karl-Anthony Towns led the team in scoring , totaling 24 points , 10 rebounds , two blocks and two steals . Andrew Wiggins went just 8 - of - 24 from the field , but still scored 22 points . Zach LaVine was the only other player in double figures , accruing 15 points , three rebounds and four assists . The Timberwolves will look to get their third win on Sunday , when they host the Los Angeles Lakers for their next game .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Washington Wizards , 120 - 112 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday evening . The Sixers ' first game after the All-Star break featured Dario Saric 's debut as the permanent starting power forward , and the 2014 first - round pick did not disappoint . Saric contributed a 20 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and one steal . All five members of the Sixers ( 22 - 35 ) starting five posted double - digit scoring , and Philadelphia managed a 49 percent success rate from the floor in an explosive offensive showing overall . The impressive effort helped the home team overcome a spectacular 40 - point effort from the Wizards ' Bradley Beal . Beal added four rebounds , two assists and two steals to his game - high scoring total . John Wall was right behind with a 29 - point , 14 - assist double - double that also included eight boards and a pair of blocks . Markieff Morris was a distant third for the Wizards ( 34 - 22 ) , generating 14 points , seven rebounds and one steal . Marcin Gortat totaled 11 points , 11 rebounds , one assist and one block . Marcin Gortat mustered 11 points , 11 boards , one assist and one block . Jahlil Okafor mustered 11 points , two rebounds and two assists . Nik Stauskas led the bench with 11 points , three rebounds , one assist and one block . John Wall paced the Wizards with 29 points , eight rebounds , 14 assists , two blocks and one block . Dario Saric was next with a bench - leading 20 points , along with 11 rebounds , four assists and one steal . Gerald Henderson tallied 20 points and five boards . Richaun Holmes , seeing an expanded role off the bench with the departures of Nerlens Noel and Ersan Ilyasova at the trade deadline , supplied 12 points , 10 rebounds , one assist , five blocks and two steals . Jahlik Okafor and Nik Stauskas produced matching 11 - point efforts , with the former adding two rebounds and two assists , and the latter registering three boards , one assist and one block . T.J. McConnell amassed 10 points , eight assists , four rebounds , two steals and one block . The Wizards head back home to tangle with the Utah Jazz on Sunday afternoon , while the Sixers head to New York to take on the Knicks on Saturday evening .
The Celtics gained some much - needed separation in the third quarter after playing the Bulls to a 61 - 61 draw in the first half . Boston tallied 47 - and - 44 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , which helped them overcome 19 turnovers , a total that was matched by the Sixers . Isaiah Thomas tallied a game - high 23 points , 10 assists , two rebounds , three steals and a block . Nikola Mirotic was a distant second with 17 points , six rebounds and an assist . Tyler Zeller was next with 11 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal in a reserve role as well . Rajon Rondo flirted with a triple - double , totaling 12 points , nine rebounds , five assists , one steal and one block . Tyler Zeller led the bench with 11 points and four rebounds . Rajon Rondo mustered 12 points , five assists , nine rebounds , two blocks and one steal . Marcus Smart led the bench with seven points , five assists , five rebounds , one steal and one block . Isaiah Thomas paced the Bulls with 23 points , two assists , two rebounds and three steals . Nikola Mirotic was a distant second with Mirotic with 17 points , six rebounds and one assist . Tyler Zeller provided 11 points , four rebounds , one assist and one steal . Rajon Rondo registered 12 points , five assists , nine rebounds , one steal and two blocks . Marcus Smart led the bench with 15 points , four assists , one rebound and two steals .
The Orlando Magic ( 6 - 6 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 5 - 7 ) 104 - 101 on Friday . Orlando has won three straight games . Their schedule was weighted with tough games to start the season , but as they 've hit a lighter group of competition , the Magic have excelled . Karl-Anthony Towns led the way with 21 points and 12 rebounds . He has scored 21 points in his last two games , going 8 - of - 23 from the field and 5 - of - 2 from the free - throw line . Ricky Rubio came close to a triple - double of his own , finishing with eight points , 12 rebounds , 12 assists and one steal in 35 minutes . The Magic will wrap up their two - game road trip against the Detroit Pistons on Sunday . Minnesota has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Timberwolves will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Timberwolves have the right guys to build a winning team around . Andrew Wiggins paced the Timberwolves with a game - high 28 points , but the Timberwolves shot just 42 percent from the field and 22 percent from beyond the arc . They lost the first three quarters of the game , thoroughly taking their drubbing from the Timberwolves . Ricky Rubio had eight points and 12 assists in 35 minutes , while Jason Smith chipped in 26 points and four rebounds in 43 minutes . The Magic will go on the road to face the New York Knicks on Sunday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 26 - 11 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 8 - 30 ) 117 - 113 on Tuesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . This marked a big win for the Thunder , as they passed up the New Orleans Pelicans for the eighth and final projected seed in the Western Conference standings . The Pelicans are just a half game behind them though , with the Suns trailing by just three games as well , so it 'll remain a fight for the last seed all the way until the end of the regular season in the West . The Lakers , on the other hand , are still in the thick of things as well , considering they 're only a game and a half behind the Thunder for that final spot . It 's a tight race for those final two projected playoff spots , with the Heat , Thunder , Hornets , Pacers and Lakers all within three games of each other . The Thunder were the superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 48 percent from the floor and 35 percent from deep . This marked the fifth straight loss for the Lakers , as they look to improve their draft positioning for the 2015 NBA Draft . The Thunder got their biggest offensive contribution from Lou Williams , who led this team . He went 12 - for - 25 from the field and 5 - for - 14 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 44 points , while also adding six assists and two steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he continues to be the team scoring leader . Jordan Clarkson also had a solid showing in Sunday 's win . He went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding three assists . He 's been on fire the last two games , combining to go 24 - for - 25 from from the field and 13 - for - 16 from the three - point line over his last two games . Jordan Clarkson added 17 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and two assists as well . The Lakers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Kings ( 17 - 23 ) got 20 points and 13 rebounds from DeMarcus Cousins en route to a 110 - 103 win over the Clippers ( 26 - 14 ) on Sunday . Sacramento jumped out to a 30 - 30 first quarter lead and never looked back , maintaining a seven - point advantage at the half . The Kings turned it on in the third quarter , beginning the period on a 23 - 5 run and extending the lead to 15 points entering the fourth . Lowry’s 20 led the way for Sacramento , and the point guard was serenaded with “MVP” chants from fans while at the free throw line in the fourth quarter . Rajon Rondo added 13 points , seven rebounds and 10 assists , and Chris Paul chipped in 15 points , seven assists and four rebounds . Next up , the Clippers play the second game of a back - to - back when they visit Los Angeles to take on the Clippers on Monday . The Clippers ( 26 - 14 ) were able to keep the game close throughout , as they led by double digits for the entirety of the second half . Los Angeles did not let up in the second half , outscoring the Clippers 57 - 43 in the second half . DeMarcus Cousins had his best game of the season , accumulating 19 points , 13 rebounds , six assists and two blocks on 6 - of - 11 shooting . DeMarcus Cousins deserves credit for the performance he added in trying to carry the Clippers to victory , as he contributed 19 points , seven rebounds , one assist and two blocks . Next up , the Clippers visit the Utah Jazz on Thursday , while the Kings visit the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 36 - 36 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 29 - 45 ) 105 - 93 on Wednesday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Kings got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Trail Blazers 37 - 32 in the first quarter alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 42 percent from the floor and just 47 percent from beyond the arc . The Blazers were led by the duo of Damian Lillard and Seth Curry . Curry went 9 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding four rebounds and an assist . He 's turned it on offensively , scoring 10 or more points in three out of his last four games . Casspi , on the other hand , finished with 18 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 8 FT ) , six rebounds and five assists , marking a new season - high in points . He 's scored in double figures for three straight games now , after only doing it five times previously in the season . In his second game back from injury , Allen Crabbe posted 31 points ( 8 - 10 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , while also adding four steals and two blocked shots . It was a season - high in points for Crabbe , who also had n't reached the 50 - point mark yet this season . Omri Casspi added 18 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 8 FT ) and six rebounds before fouling out . He 's now averaging 14 points and 2 rebounds on the year . The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Kings will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday as well .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 115 - 107 , at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Friday . The Bucks ( 11 - 9 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior four games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Blazers ( 12 - 11 ) , managing a 52 percent success rate from the floor and 42 percent mark from three - point range . Four members of the first unit scored at least 15 points , led by Jabari Parker , who posted a game - high 30 points , which he complemented with three rebounds and an assist . Jabari Parker was right behind him with 27 points , three rebounds and an assist . Giannis Antetokounmpo provided a 15 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , four steals and four blocks . Maurice Harkless matched Harkless 's point total and added four boards , four assists and four steals . Tony Snell contributed nine points , four rebounds , four assists and a steal , while Tony Snell supplied nine points , two rebounds , an assist and a pair of steals . Damian Lillard paced the Blazers with 30 points , six assists and seven rebounds , while C.J . McCollum was next with 23 points , three rebounds , five assists and four blocks . Allen Brogdon and Michael Beasley were productive in reserve roles as well with matching 12 - point efforts . Damian Lillard paced Portland with 30 points , six assists and seven rebounds . Greg Monroe was next with 15 points , four rebounds , one assist , three steals and two blocks . Mason Plumlee generated 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , three steals and three blocks . The Bucks continue on their road trip , with their next stop being the Nation 's Capital for a Wednesday night tussle with the Washington Wizards . The Bucks remain home to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Wednesday evening as well .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 11 - 40 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 20 - 32 ) 112 - 101 on Tuesday . Sometimes , the numbers do n't tell the entire story . Despite the visiting Pistons , who came in with a vastly superior record and riding a four - game win streak , outperforming the Timberwolves in several important categories , Minnesota was able to walk away the victors in a tightly - contested game . Detroit tallied a 47 percent accuracy rate from the field , as well as a 42 percent tally from three - point range . They also elicited 18 total turnovers from the Pistons , while also committing 15 of their own . The visitors were paced by Nikola Pekovic 's 24 points , which he supplemented with nine assists , three rebounds , two steals and a block . It was his second double - double in the last three games , as he continues to excel as a member of the starting lineup . Monroe added nine rebounds , four assists and a block to his aforementioned scoring haul . Andrew Wiggins was right behind him with 18 points , eight rebounds and a block . Mo Williams posted a near double - double with 11 points , nine rebounds , nine assists and a block . Zach LaVine returned to the starting lineup after missing the previous two games with a hip injury and registered 10 points , four boards and four assists . Detroit remains in fourth place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 106 - 97 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Thursday . Indiana came into this game as a sizable favorite and they did n't disappoint . The Nets had just two leads in this game that lasted less than a minute and the final one at the end of the second quarter was followed up by a 44 - 9 run by the Pacers to open things up . The Pacers offense was hot all night , as they shot 43 percent from the field and 40 percent from three - point range . They were extremely efficient as well , with the Nets forcing just six turnovers , while committing 19 on their end . Indiana dominated in the paint too , winning that battle , 43 - 22 . The Nets ( 9 - 41 ) are in a bit of a rut right now , as this marks their third loss in their last four games . Paul George carried the load , as he tallied 24 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and three steals in just 37 minutes of play . Jeff Teague was second on the team , as he finished with 24 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Myles Turner was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 11 points and four rebounds . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 13 points , four rebounds and five assists . The Nets ( 9 - 41 ) have now lost 11 of their last eight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Jeff Teague was the player of the game , as he accumulated 24 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Paul George was second on the team , tallying 24 points , three rebounds , three assists and three steals . Myles Turner amassed 11 points , four rebounds , three blocks and three blocks . Brooklyn has a winnable game in their next fixture , as they host the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 102 - 92 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . Despite this game being close throughout the first quarter , the Pacers dominated the rest of the way . The second and third quarters were especially decisive , outscoring the Grizzlies 64 - 42 in that 24 - minute stretch . Free-throw shooting really killed Memphis , as they went just 13 - of - 23 , while the Pacers went a perfect 11 - of - 11 . Indiana also dominated the shooting , hitting 51 percent of their shots , while holding Memphis to 41 percent . The Pacers also won the rebounding differential , 50 - 39 . The Grizzlies ( 34 - 25 ) have now lost three of their last four games , as this was not how they wanted to start their stretch run . Despite playing just 18 minutes off the bench , Troy Daniels led the team with 13 points . Marc Gasol led the starters , as he accumulated 12 points , four rebounds and four assists . Mike Teague finished with 10 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Troy Daniels was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 13 points on 4 - of - 10 shooting . Memphis will finish their back - to - back set on Thursday , when they host the Orlando Magic . Indiana ( 30 - 28 ) had lost six - straight headed into this matchup , so a blowout win is just what the doctor ordered . C.J . Miles led Indiana in scoring , as he dropped 17 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . Jeff Teague went just 2 - of - 8 from the field , but totaled 10 points and 10 assists en route to a double - double . Monta Ellis was a nice spark off the bench , providing 16 points and three assists . The Pacers will be in action again on Saturday against the Miami Heat .
The Miami Heat defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 116 - 93 , at American Airlines Arena on Monday . Despite the Hawks leading for nearly the entirety of this game , this fixture was closer than it looks . In fact , there were five ties and six lead changes in total , with a double - digit lead being held for just four of the 40 minutes . Rebounding was decisive , with Miami winning that battle , 47 - 43 . They also dominated the assists differential , winning that , 23 - 13 . The Hawks ( 20 - 30 ) have now won three - straight games , as they continue to climb back into the playoff hunt . Goran Dragic scored a game - high 27 points , to go along with five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Hassan Whiteside fell just shy of a double - double with 18 points and 18 rebounds . James Johnson was huge off the bench , as he tallied 16 points , two rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Dennis Schroder led the Hawks in scoring , as he amassed 20 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , collecting 18 points , 18 rebounds , two blocks and two blocks . Tyler Johnson and Kent Bazemore each scored 14 points a piece off the bench . Miami will host the New York Knicks on Saturday for their next game . The Heat ( 20 - 30 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 29 tries . Goran Dragic led Miami in scoring , as he tallied 27 points , five rebounds and five assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , amassing 18 points and 18 rebounds . Kent Bazemore was huge off the bench , providing 20 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . Atlanta will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 3 - 3 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 6 ) 107 - 98 on Tuesday at Philips Arena in Dallas . The Mavericks came out strong in this one , out - scoring the Pelicans 26 - 21 in the first quarter alone . The Mavericks were the superior shooters , going 48 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Pelicans went 45 percent from the floor and 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Mavericks also forced the Pelicans into 12 turnovers , while committing only nine of their own . The frontcourt did the bulk of the work for the Mavericks , led by center Anthony Davis . Davis went 11 - for - 19 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also adding six rebounds and two blocked shots . It was his fifth double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 35 points , 15 rebounds and two blocks per game . Eric Gordon had a really strong showing as well , going 7 - for - 15 from the field and 5 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding four assists in 41 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 47 points and 5 assists over those two games . Dwight Powell had a big contribution off the bench with 15 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 1 - 1 FT ) and seven rebounds . Dirk Nowitzki did everything he could to keep the Pelicans in this game , going for 25 points ( 11 - 19 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) , six rebounds and 0 blocked shots . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Pelicans will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Utah Jazz on Thursday , 111 - 110 . It was a much - needed and narrow win for Miami ( 7 - 12 ) , as the team had been sitting at 13th in the Eastern Conference . Thursday 's win came in dramatic fashion , with the game remaining a matter of single digits until the very end . It was an off night for center Hassan Whiteside , who shot just 4 - of - 11 for nine points , but it was a strong showing for recently - returned point guard Goran Dragic . Dragic led the team with 27 points and had six assists on the night . The Heat have seen strong bench play recently , as was the case on Thursday . Bench forward James Johnson delivered 24 points on 11 - of - 15 shooting , while bench guard Wayne Ellington had 17 points on 6 - of - 9 . The Jazz ( 11 - 9 ) , meanwhile , had won four straight contests heading into Wednesday , but have been decimated by injuries . Star forward Justise Favors remains out indefinitely with a knee injury , while starters Justise Winslow and Alec Hill were both ejected after an ankle injury that forced him to miss most of the season . On Wednesday , McRoberts was a big part in those ways , scoring a team - high 27 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting . It was an overall efficient night for the Heat , as the team shot over 44 percent from the field and hit 10 three - pointers .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 110 - 106 , at TD Garden on Friday . Facing a Sixers ( 9 - 25 ) squad that had only tallied three road wins in 13 tries coming in , it may have been hard to blame the Celtics ( 22 - 14 ) if they were guilty of a little overconfidence Friday . A 39 - point second period by Philadelphia was therefore likely a rather sobering wake - up call , as was the 62 - 51 halftime deficit Boston found itself in . The Celtics were mostly a different team in the second half , as they outscored their visitors by a 59 - 44 margin over the final 24 minutes . However , the game was n't truly decided until the closing seconds , with Al Horford 's go - ahead three - pointer with 15 remaining and two key free throws by Isaiah Thomas with two seconds on the clock finally sealing the hard - fought home win . Philadelphia was led by Joel Embiid 's 23 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , three assists and two blocks . However , he battled foul trouble in the second half , and ultimately was charged with his sixth infraction with six seconds remaining . Ersan Ilyasova went for 20 points , three assists , two rebounds , two steals and two blocks , but missed a couple of key three - point attempts late with the Sixers trailing . T.J. McConnell was outstanding setting up his teammates for scoring opportunities , compiling 17 assists and supplementing them with nine points , four boards and a pair of steals . Robert Covington produced nine points , while Gerald Henderson led the second unit with 18 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block . Nerlens Noel was productive in a reserve role as well , registering 13 points , eight rebounds , two assists , three blocks and two steals . Avery Bradley was the high scorer for the Celtics on the night , totaling 26 points , and adding nine rebounds , two assists and a steal . Backcourt mate Thomas stepped up with 24 points , four rebounds and three assists , but did commit a game - high seven turnovers . Horford amassed 19 points , 12 rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Amir Johnson posted 13 points , five rebounds , three assists , four blocks and a steal . Jae Crowder notably went scoreless over 30 minutes , but did have three assists , two rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Marcus Smart paced the second unit with 14 points , eight assists , two rebounds , two blocks and a steal . The Sixers head to Brooklyn to face the Nets on Sunday , while the Celtics remain home to host the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday evening .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Detroit Pistons , 117 - 95 , at Palace of Auburn Hills on Tuesday . The Bulls ( 34 - 38 ) came into Saturday 's contest trying to keep the pressure on eighth - seeded Denver , which they could come within one game of catching with a win against the Pistons ( 34 - 38 ) . Chicago 's Big Three of Nikola Mirotic and Jimmy Butler combined for 50 points on 16 - of - 27 shooting from the field , and Chicago was able to hold the Pistons to a paltry 35 percent success rate from the field and 48 percent from three - point range . They also suffocated the Pistons ' long - range attack , limiting them to a 35 percent success rate from the field , and 48 percent from three - point range . Nikola Mirotic led the way for the Bulls with a game - high 28 points , along with five rebounds , two assists and one steal . Joffrey Lauvergne matched Mirotic ' scoring total while leading the bench and added seven rebounds , three assists and one steal . Marcus Morris registered 14 points , three boards and one assist . Andre Drummond posted a modest eight points but hauled in 17 rebounds and dished out one block . Bobby Portis led the bench with 12 points , three boards and one block . The Pistons were paced by Nikola Mirotic , who posted a 28 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , three steals and one block . Joffrey Lauvergne matched Lauvergne 's scoring total and added seven rebounds and two assists . Jon Leuer led the bench with 13 points , six rebounds and one assist . Ish Smith turned in a full stat line of 9 points , four rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Andre Drummond posted a modest eight points but did haul in 17 rebounds and dish out one assist . The two teams now head back to the Nation 's Capital for the second game of the home - and - home series , which unfolds on Friday night .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 9 - 56 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 18 - 47 ) 95 - 89 on Tuesday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . With both teams having already been eliminated from the playoffs , this game was more about giving the young and inexperienced players a chance to make an impression on the coaching staff in hopes of coming back with their team next season in a bigger and better role . As a team , the 76ers finished at 45 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets finished at 38 percent from the floor and just 29 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , Brook Lopez backed those words up , as he finished with a game - high of 24 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with seven rebounds , one assist and three blocked shots . Young has been one of the few bright spots of late , averaging 34 points and 4 rebounds over his last five games . Noel , on the other hand , recorded a double - double of his own , finishing with 13 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 FT ) , 11 rebounds and two steals . It was his second straight double - double and fourth in the last five games , as he continues to be a force this season . Landry Smith also had a big impact . He went 7 - for - 9 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the free throw line to score 16 points , while adding eight rebounds and a blocked shot as well . During the Nets ' four - game losing streak , he 's been one of the few bright spots , as he 's averaged 30 points and 8 rebounds per game over his last three outings . Recording somewhat of an off game , Nerlens Noel finished with 13 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 FT ) , while also adding 11 rebounds and three blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 29 points and 56 rebounds over his last two games . Nerlens Noel was able to notch his fourth double - double of the season , as he finished with 13 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 FT ) and 11 rebounds . He 's combined for 0 blocks in the last two games , as he 's been one of the few bright spots in the loss . Coming off the bench , Robert Covington added 16 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt ) and four rebounds off the bench . The Sixers ' next game will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday , while the Nets will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
The Orlando Magic ( 17 - 39 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 43 ) 89 - 83 on Wednesday at the Amway Center in New York . The Magic got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Magic did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 36 percent compared to the Knicks , who went 33 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Magic did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Knicks into 12 turnovers , while committing just 16 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . Nikola Vucevic had his way with the Sixers ' bigs . He went 12 - of - 20 from the field to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding 18 rebounds in 37 minutes . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 17 points and 16 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 14 points and 11 rebounds on the season . Victor Oladipo was another player with a solid showing . He did n't have his best shooting performance on the season ( 4 - 11 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 11 - 11 FT ) , but he still finished with 19 points , as he was able to get to the free throw line at a high rate . In the two games since returning from the All-Star break , he 's combined for 39 points , eight rebounds and five assists . Rookie Elfrid Payton nearly notched a triple - double , as he recorded 12 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) , five rebounds and four assists . He 's been filling up the stat sheet lately , combining for 14 points , 13 rebounds and 18 assists over his last two games . Andrea Bargnani reached double figures as well with 12 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and five rebounds before fouling out . The Magic 's next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Oklahoma City Thunder , 128 - 100 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Friday . This was a game that was expected to be close throughout and these elite offenses did n't disappoint . In fact , there were nine ties and 17 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 25 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with Chicago recording 25 assists to nine turnovers , while the Thunder committed 9 turnovers to 17 assists . Jimmy Butler led the Thunder in scoring , as he tallied 28 points , four rebounds and five assists . Dwyane Wade was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , seven rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Victor Oladipo totaled 12 points , five rebounds and three assists . Russell Westbrook amassed 28 points , five rebounds and eight assists on 10 - of - 23 from the field . Dwyane Wade led the team in scoring , as he accumulated 18 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Dwyane Wade was a huge spark off the bench , providing 18 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Chicago will look to keep rolling on Friday in a road matchup with the Minnesota Timberwolves . Oklahoma City ( 28 - 22 ) had lost seven - straight headed into this game , so to say this win was needed would be a drastic understatement . Russell Westbrook was once again the catalyst , as he led the team with 28 points , five rebounds and eight assists . Dwyane Wade was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , seven rebounds and seven assists . Victor Oladipo collected 12 points , five rebounds and three steals . Jerami Grant also scored 12 points , adding three rebounds and an assist to his tally .
The Toronto Raptors ( 4 - 0 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 2 - 2 ) , 102 - 91 , in Game 4 on Tuesday at the Air Canada Centre . The Mavericks had a chance to close the gap late in the fourth , but Toronto stormed back to tie it at 102 , the Raptors were able to out - score the Mavericks 28 - 18 in the fourth quarter to secure the nine - point victory . The Raptors shot 45 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks shot 38 percent from the floor and just 30 percent from beyond the arc . Kyle Lowry had a huge night for the Raptors , going 9 - for - 15 from the field and 4 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding 10 assists and three steals . It was his second 30 - point outing in a row for the team , as he 's now combined for 63 points over his last two games . The Raptors also received a solid contribution from Luis Scola off the bench . In 31 minutes , Scola recorded 19 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt ) , 12 rebounds and 0 blocked shots , while Dwight Powell added 10 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 0 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and a pair of assists . The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the New York Knicks , 119 - 112 , at Verizon Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . The second half is when Washington really turned it on , outscoring New York , 32 - 47 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with the Wizards recording 26 assists to 15 turnovers , while the Knicks committed 13 turnovers to just 23 assists . The Wizards ( 5 - 8 ) continue to struggle without Al Horford ( concussion ) and Jae Crowder ( ankle ) and this was easily their worst loss of the season . Derrick Rose did all he could for New York , as he led the team with 27 points , two rebounds and four assists . Carmelo Anthony was n't far behind , tallying 19 points , three rebounds and three assists . Marcin Gortat was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and eight rebounds . Marcus Thornton was the only other starter in double figures , accumulating 13 points , two rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Wizards is a road matchup with the Denver Nuggets on Sunday . The Wizards ( 3 - 7 ) had their first primetime game in awhile and they did n't disappoint . Derrick Rose was the player of the game , as he tallied 27 points , four assists and two steals . Derrick Rose went just 7 - of - 17 from the field , but finished with 27 points , three rebounds and three assists . Marcin Gortat also recorded a double - double , amassing 16 points and eight rebounds . The Wizards will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Philadelphia 76ers .
The Chicago Bulls ( 31 - 30 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 30 - 32 ) 108 - 100 on Wednesday at the United Center in Chicago . The Bulls got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Rockets 29 - 23 right away in the first quarter . The Bulls were the superior shooters in this game , going 46 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Rockets went just 40 percent from the floor and a meager 26 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Bulls also secured a 53 - 40 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Bulls were led by the duo of Jimmy Harden and Pau Gasol . Harden went 10 - for - 26 from the field and 4 - for - 12 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 36 points , while also adding five rebounds and eight assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he continues to be the team scoring leader . Derrick Rose shot just 6 - for - 10 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding nine assists . Trevor Ariza was the only other Bulls ' starter to reach double figures , scoring 11 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 1 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) to go with three rebounds and three assists . Coming off the bench , Corey Brewer added 14 points ( 4 - 5 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and three rebounds in 24 minutes . The Rockets ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday , while the Rockets will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Wednesday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the Indiana Pacers , 100 - 88 , at Spectrum Center on Friday . Despite there being just five ties and six lead changes , this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team grabbed a double - digit lead , as it came down to the final seconds . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Hornets going 13 - of - 26 from long range , while the Pacers went just 9 - of - 16 . Kemba Walker led the Hornets in scoring , as he tallied 28 points and seven rebounds . Nicolas Batum finished second on the team , accumulating 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . Cody Zeller was the final starter in double figures , totaling 13 points and 11 rebounds . Kemba Walker led the Hornets in scoring , collecting 28 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Nicolas Batum accumulated 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . C.J . Miles led the Pacers in scoring , as he dropped 16 points on 4 - of - 7 from three - point range . CJ Miles led the starters with 16 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting . Indiana will be off until Monday , when they host the Brooklyn Nets for their next game . The Hornets ( 28 - 35 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 18th win in 40 games at home . Kemba Walker was the player of the game , as he collected 28 points , six rebounds and seven assists . Nicolas Batum accrued 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . C.J . Miles led the Pacers in scoring , as he dropped 16 points on 4 - of - 7 from three - point range . CJ Miles led the second unit with 16 points .
The Houston Rockets ( 33 - 32 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 39 - 27 ) 102 - 98 on Wednesday at the Toyota Center in Houston . The Rockets came out strong in this one , out - scoring the Celtics 23 - 23 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Rockets shot the ball well , going 46 percent from the field and 19 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics went 37 percent from the floor and just 26 percent from deep . The Rockets also forced the Celtics into 14 turnovers , while committing just 17 of their own . The Rockets were led by James Harden , who posted 32 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 13 - 15 FT ) , three rebounds and four assists in 36 minutes . He was able to get to the free throw line 15 times , and converted on 13 - of - 15 . He 's now averaging 22 points and 9 rebounds on the season . Jared Beasley was solid off the bench , recording a double - double of his own . He recorded 18 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 0 - 0 FT ) and 8 rebounds , while Dwight Howard chipped in with 12 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 0 - 2 FT ) and 12 rebounds . The Rockets ' next game will be on the road against the Toronto Raptors on Friday , while the Celtics will travel to New Orleans to play the Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 18 - 12 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 19 - 19 ) 106 - 97 on Wednesday . Atlanta has won four straight games , and in their last two games , they 've scored at least 118 points . Their offense is firing on all cylinders , and coach David Blatt is using unconventional lineups to get the work done . He 's regularly used Portland to their best in - dominant game of the 2015 - 18 season . The Trail Blazers shot over 100 percent from the field in their win and managed a paltry 21 points over the last three games . Kyle Korver was rested for the first time this season that he was able to play . He scored 19 points and grabbed four rebounds in 32 minutes . Thabo Sefolosha was moved into the starting lineup in favor of Luis Henderson . Crabbe played 29 minutes and scored 18 points . The Trail Blazers will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Portland has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Trail Blazers will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Trail Blazers have the right guys to build a winning team around . Atlanta will look to bounce back from this loss on Monday when they take on the Pacers . These two teams will meet again on Friday to finish the season series .
The Miami Heat defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 108 - 101 , at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday . These are two teams battling for a playoff spot in the East and it had that sort of atmosphere . This was tight throughout , as there were eight ties and 11 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 12 points . Miami took care of business in the fourth quarter , outscoring Charlotte , 27 - 15 . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Heat winning that battle , 46 - 39 . They also dominated the assists differential , winning that , 22 - 14 . The Hornets ( 28 - 36 ) have just four wins in their last 11 games and losses like this are crucial to their pursuit of a playoff berth . Kemba Walker did all he could , leading the team with 33 points and four rebounds . Nicolas Batum finished second on the team , accumulating 16 points , seven rebounds and four steals . Marvin Williams amassed 14 points , 12 rebounds , three assists and three steals . On deck for Charlotte is a home matchup against the Orlando Magic on Friday . The Heat ( 31 - 34 ) have now gotten their winning streak to three games , as they continue their incredible run , now sitting within a game of the eight - seed in the East . Dion Waiters led the team with 24 points , three rebounds and five assists . Goran Dragic accrued 22 points , six rebounds and 10 assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points , 15 rebounds , two steals and four blocks . James Johnson was a nice spark off the bench , collecting 10 points , six rebounds and five assists . Miami will look to keep rolling on Friday in a home matchup with the Toronto Raptors .
The Utah Jazz ( 20 - 34 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 36 - 18 ) 92 - 76 on Wednesday . Utah has won two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the team will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Trail Blazers have the right guys to build a winning team around . Gordon Hayward paced the Jazz on Saturday , finishing with 20 points and four rebounds in 30 minutes . Utah has lost three straight games , and in their last two games , they were playing without Derrick Favors , whom remains sidelined with a sprained ankle . Rudy Gobert has filled in as the starting center in Favors ' absence , and on Tuesday , Gobert put up seven rebounds and five blocks in 24 minutes . Derrick Favors ( knee ) sat out Friday , and Trevor Lopez filled out the stat sheet with a team - high 5 points , nine rebounds , two steals and one block in 36 minutes . The Jazz host the Denver Nuggets on Monday . They 've already played once this season . The Jazz will go on the road to face the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday . Portland has lost two straight games , but it 's difficult to see why the team is struggling . LaMarcus Aldridge had his second career double - double , putting up 4 points and eight rebounds in 34 minutes . Trey Burke played well off the bench , putting up three points and four rebounds in 20 minutes . Portland will host the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday .
Gordon Hayward poured in a season - high 24 points on efficient 9 - of - 19 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 32 minutes . Rudy Gobert led the team in scoring with 14 points on 5 - of - 7 shooting , including 4 - of - 0 from long range , to go along with 14 rebounds , in 35 minutes . Jameer Nelson was solid off the bench , with 18 points , on 7 - of - 10 shooting , including 4 - of - 5 from distance , in 22 minutes off the bench . Danilo Gallinari was the only other player to score in double digits for the Nuggets , with 13 points , to go along with five rebounds . Derrick Favors chipped in 13 points , four rebounds , and four assists , in 35 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , Gordon Hayward led the way for the Jazz with 24 points on 9 - of - 19 shooting , while Ty Lawson followed up with 18 points , nine assists and four rebounds , in 31 minutes of action . Danilo Gallinari added 13 points on 4 - of - 14 shooting , while Will Barton chipped in 12 points off the bench . The Jazz will look to build on this win , as they head back home to face the Spurs on Sunday , in what will be the second game of a four - game home stand . The Nuggets will visit Minnesota to face the Timberwolves , on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 1 - 3 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 2 - 3 ) 98 - 95 on Sunday at Madison Square Garden in New York . The Pistons were able to use a strong second - half where they out - scored the Knicks 53 - 48 , to coast to a 15 - point victory on the road . The Pistons shot 37 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks shot 43 percent from the floor and just 45 percent from deep . Along with the strong showing from the floor , the Pistons also secured a 55 - 43 rebounding advantage . Leading the way for the Pistons was Greg Monroe , who went 3 - for - 17 from the field and finished with a game - high of 23 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , while also adding 18 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now averaging 18 points and 8 rebounds on the season . Carmelo Anthony also had a solid showing with 13 points ( 5 - 21 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , six rebounds and eight assists as well . The Pistons ' next game will be on the road against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday as well .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 0 - 1 ) 113 - 100 on Wednesday at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . After suffering a tough 99 - 92 loss in game number one on Monday , the Cavaliers were able to bounce back with a convincing 10 - point victory in game two . The Cavaliers got off to a really strong start , out - scoring the Celtics 27 - 31 right away in the first quarter . The Cavaliers did n't let off the gas either , as they never trailed in this game . Along with the quick start , the Cavaliers were also the superior shooters . They finished at 45 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics went 47 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep . The Cavaliers also secured a 46 - 34 rebounding advantage . Kyrie Irving was unstoppable in this one , going 11 - for - 21 from the field and 3 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding three assists . He 's combined for 41 points in hist last two games and is now averaing 19 points per game . Isaiah Thomas also had a huge game for the Celtics . He went 6 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 22 points , while also adding 10 assists and a steal . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 14 assists over those two games . Tristan Thompson added 12 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) and six rebounds , while Tristan Thompson added 12 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) and six rebounds of his own . The Celtics ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Celtics will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Wednesday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 20 - 15 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 14 - 21 ) 117 - 116 on Sunday . In a battle between two of the best offenses in the NBA , the defenses showed their true form . The key for the Mavericks was protecting the ball , as they committed just nine turnovers , while forcing the Mavericks to commit 19 . The Mavericks shot 46 percent from the field and 41 percent from long distance . The Mavericks also dominated the rebounding , as they snatched down 55 boards to the Kings 49 . Sacramento has been throttling teams , but this was easily their worst offensive performance of the year . No player scored more than 20 points and no player recorded double - digits in rebounds or assists . Steph Nowitzki had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 25 points and five rebounds in the loss . Darren Collison also had a nice game , as he amassed 20 points , four assists and three rebounds . The Mavericks will look to play better on Saturday against the Charlotte Hornets . This was one of Dallas 's best games of the season , as they got to sit the starters for the entirety of the fourth quarter . DeMarcus Cousins still impressed in three quarters , as he amassed 35 points , 17 rebounds and four assists . The bench was spectacular , as four players scored in double figures with Dirk Nowitzki leading the team . Dirk Nowitzki was the best player , as he scored 23 points and grabbed five rebounds . Marco Belinelli led all team in scoring with 14 points off the bench . Sacramento will look to bounce - back against the Denver Nuggets on Sunday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 20 - 9 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 20 - 9 ) 102 - 102 on Saturday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . Despite being out - rebounded 43 - 47 , the Mavericks were able to shoot 43 percent from the field and 37 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks shot 43 percent from the field and just 39 percent from beyond the arc . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Kyle Korver and Monta Schroder . Korver went 4 - for - 8 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding six rebounds as well . Despite shooting just 15 percent ( 2 - 15 FG ) from the field , it was good to see him get things turned back around and play well . Also having an impressive showing , Ellis recorded 22 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 2 FT ) , three rebounds and six assists . He matched a season - high in both free throws made and attempted , and improved his free throw percentage to just over 81 percent on the season . It was the first time he 's surpassed the 15 - point mark since the beginning of January . He also had seven rebounds and three steals as well . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 35 - 8 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 15 - 29 ) 110 - 91 on Monday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Hawks got out quickly in this game , out - scoring the Pacers 25 - 21 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Hawks used their three - point shooting to grab an advantage , going 45 percent from the field and 45 percent from the three - point line , while the Pacers went just 40 percent from the floor and a meager 20 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Hawks also secured a 43 - 42 rebounding advantage . The Hawks were led by the duo of Jeff Teague and Jeff Teague . Teague went 6 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to finish with a team - high of 17 points , to go along with 11 assists and 0 blocked shots . It was a career - high in points for the guard , who 's now scored 17 points or more three times over his last three games . During that five - game stretch , he 's averaging 23 points , 6 rebounds and 6 assists . CJ Miles also had an efficient game off the bench , scoring 18 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) to go along with four rebounds and two assists . Coming off the bench , C.J . Miles recorded 13 points ( 2 - 9 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and four rebounds . For the Pacers , Jeff Teague did most of the damage for the Hawks . He went 6 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding 11 assists . He 's now averaging 14 points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming one rebound short of a double - double , CJ Watson finished in with 13 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 28 minutes . The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday , while the Pacers will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 109 - 104 , at Phillips Arena on Tuesday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team had more than a nine - point lead until the final six minutes , as there were nine ties and 15 lead changes in total . The second half is where the Hawks really turned it on , outscoring Portland , 65 - 48 over the final 31 minutes . Portland was lights - out from the field , shooting 39 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . Atlanta also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 52 - 25 . The Blazers did most of their damage in the paint , winning the points in the paint differential , 58 - 52 . This was a wire - to - wire win for the Hawks , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 22 minutes . The Trail Blazers ( 32 - 23 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to revive their season . CJ McCollum was the catalyst , as he led the team with 26 points on 9 - of - 24 shooting . Paul Lillard was n't far behind , accumulating 21 points , six rebounds and four assists . Dwight Howard was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 19 points and 16 rebounds . Maurice Harkless collected 17 points , nine rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Al-Farouq Aminu came off the bench to provide 14 points and 15 rebounds . On deck for the Trail Blazers is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday . The Trail Blazers ( 23 - 32 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . CJ McCollum led the way for Portland , as he collected 26 points and five assists on 9 - of - 24 shooting . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , totaling 19 points and 16 rebounds . Ed Davis provided 11 points and 13 rebounds en route to a double - double .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Charlotte Hornets 124 - 121 at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . This game was close throughout though , as there were 19 ties and 19 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 36 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , as the Clippers recorded five more assists than the Hornets , while committing five less turnovers . DeAndre Jordan was the only bright spot for Charlotte , as he tallied 20 points , 19 rebounds and two steals . Frank Kaminsky recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 19 points and 6 rebounds . Jeremy Lamb was a nice spark off the bench , collecting 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . The Clippers ( 25 - 34 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Blake Griffin continued his great form , as he led the team with 43 points , 10 rebounds and five assists . Chris Paul was n't far behind , finishing with 15 points , nine rebounds and 17 assists . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 19 rebounds , three steals and two blocks . Frank Kaminsky got the start at center and totaled 16 points , five rebounds and four assists . The Hornets will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Phoenix Suns , 123 - 112 , at Pepsi Center on Thursday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Denver offense was lights - out , as they shot 49 percent from the field , 88 percent from the free - throw line and 32 percent from three - point range . The Suns also dominated the assist differential , recording 17 assists to the Suns ' 20 . Eric Bledsoe carried the load for Phoenix , as he tallied 41 points , six rebounds , seven assists and two steals in the win . Kenneth Faried was second on the team , totaling 21 points and 14 rebounds . Tyson Chandler was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and 12 rebounds . Jameer Nelson recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 17 points and three rebounds . Phoenix will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers . Denver ( 21 - 25 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . Danilo Gallinari was the player of the game , as he dropped 32 points and eight rebounds on 9 - of - 14 shooting . Devin Booker was second on the team , tallying 23 points , four rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Tyson Chandler recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points and 12 rebounds . PJ Nelson recorded a double - double , totaling 15 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Eric Bledsoe accrued 41 points , seven rebounds and four assists .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 41 - 9 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 31 - 19 ) 105 - 96 on Monday at the Philips Arena in Atlanta . The Hawks had a strong first half where they out - scored the Wizards 70 - 48 , allowing them to coast to a 29 - point victory . The Hawks shot well in this one , going 48 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards went 44 percent from the floor and just 25 percent from beyond the arc . The Hawks were also able to force the Wizards into 12 turnovers , while committing only 14 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Hawks were led by John Wall , who went 9 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to finish with 24 points , while adding seven rebounds and nine assists in just 39 minutes . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 30 points and 14 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 14 points and 4 rebounds on the season . Paul Millsap was the other starter to reach double figures , as he finished with 11 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , seven rebounds and three steals . The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Phoenix Suns , 100 - 96 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Sunday . Giannis Antetokounmpo has undoubtedly been the linchpin of the Bucks ' ( 18 - 41 ) attack all season , but over - reliance on any one player , even one as talented as the Greek Freak , can leave a team vulnerable . That was the case on Sunday , as the Bucks ( 26 - 31 ) leveraged superb efforts from trade - deadline acquisition T.J. Warren and trusted shooting guard Devin Booker to pull down the surprising five points . Warren led all scorers with 23 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . T.J. Warren followed with a 23 - point , 41 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a steal . Michael Beasley was next with a bench - leading 17 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Eric Bledsoe filled out the stat sheet with 11 points , four rebounds , nine assists , two steals and two blocks . Khris Middleton matched Bledsoe 's point total and added nine assists , four rebounds and two steals . Greg Monroe led the second unit with 14 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Giannis Antetokounmpo paced the way with a 28 - point , 8 - rebound double - double that also included six assists , two blocks and one steal . Michael Beasley was next with a bench - leading 17 points , which he supplemented with eight boards , three assists and one block . Tony Snell chipped in with a season - high 13 points , along with one rebound , seven assists and two steals . Tony Snell registered 13 points , three rebounds and two assists . Eric Bledsoe had a quiet game by his standards , tallying 11 points , four rebounds , nine assists and two steals . Greg Monroe led the second unit with 14 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . The Suns head back home to tangle with the Golden State Warriors on Monday night , while the Bucks remain home and await the Toronto Raptors for a Friday night showdown as well .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Toronto Raptors , 105 - 94 , at United Center on Monday evening . The Bulls ( 27 - 29 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Bulls ( 27 - 29 ) built a 62 - 48 lead by halftime . The second half was much tighter , but Chicago eventually pulled away on the strength of a highly productive night for their starting five . All first unit members hit double digits in the scoring column , and the Bulls managed to shoot 48 percent from the field overall , as well as a superb 41 percent on their 32 attempts from behind the arc . Jimmy Butler paced Toronto with 19 points , five rebounds , four assists and one steal . DeMar DeRozan followed with 18 points , five rebounds , three assists and one steal . Norman Powell and Norman Powell provided matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding two rebounds , four assists and two steals , and the latter offering three rebounds and four assists . Doug McDermott was productive in a reserve role as well with 20 points , five rebounds and one assist . Kyle Lowry followed with 22 points , four rebounds , four assists and one steal . Taj Gibson parlayed his start into 14 points and four rebounds . Jonas Valanciunas produced a 12 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included one block . Cristiano Felicio supplied 10 points , six boards , one assist and one pair of steals . Cory Joseph led the second unit with 10 points , five rebounds , one assist and two steals . The Raptors head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Sunday night , while the Raptors remain home to face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday evening .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 14 - 16 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 13 - 18 ) 107 - 99 on Sunday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . The Nets had a strong first half where they out - scored the Kings 70 - 48 , allowing them to coast to an easy victory against the Kings . They were the superior shooters in this one , going 45 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 49 percent from the floor and 45 percent from beyond the arc . The Nets were led by the duo of Rudy Gay and Rudy Gay . Gay went 9 - for - 21 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to finish with a team - high of 25 points , to go along with nine rebounds and two assists . He struggled to only six points on 2 - of - 10 shooting during Monday 's game against the Clippers , so it was good to see him get things pointed back in the right direction . Getting the start at shooting guard , Mason Plumlee was solid on offense . He went 5 - for - 10 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 10 points , while also adding eight rebounds . He was able to get to the free throw line nine times and converted on six of those attempts . He 's combined for 43 points in the last two games , pushing his season averages to 16 points and 5 rebounds . Notching a double - double of his own , Mason Plumlee finished with 22 points ( 6 - 7 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 10 - 16 FT ) and 4 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 49 points and 18 rebounds over his last two games . Darren Collison was the only other Nets ' player to reach double figures in points , as he recorded 16 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and eight assists . The Nets ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Kings will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 112 - 100 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Clippers ( 40 - 26 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to right some of the ills that had plagued them over their previous seven games , a stretch in which they 'd suffered six defeats . The Clippers ( 23 - 42 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as LA forced the Sixers into an uncharacteristic 16 turnovers , which allowed them to keep pace with the Clippers ( 40 - 26 ) . The Sixers were led by Richaun Holmes 's 24 points , which he complemented with nine rebounds and a steal . Dario Saric was next with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , two assists , three steals and a block . J.J. Redick rounded out the first unit 's successful night with 13 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . T.J. McConnell was next with nine points , 10 assists , one rebound and two steals . T.J. McConnell filled out the stat sheet with nine points , 10 assists , two rebounds and two steals . Chris McConnell mustered 30 points but could dish out 10 assists , while JJ McConnell went scoreless in nine minutes . The 76ers were led by Richaun Holmes 's 24 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds and two assists . Dario Saric was next with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , two assists and one block . J.J. Redick contributed 30 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . T.J. McConnell supplied nine points , 10 assists , one rebound and two steals . The 76ers head back home to tangle with the Utah Jazz on Sunday afternoon , while the Sixers head to New York to take on the Knicks on Saturday evening .
The Miami Heat ( 8 - 4 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 14 ) 96 - 91 on Tuesday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . Dominating in all facets of this game , the Heat got a much needed bounce back win after falling to the Bulls on Monday . They started quick , cruising to a 52 - 38 lead at the half . They then went on a 22 - 4 run to start the third quarter , pushing their lead to 30 points , which was too much for the Sixers to come back from . The Heat were led by Dwyane Wade , who scored a game - high of 27 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 11 - 13 FT ) , to go along with seven rebounds , four assists , three steals and one block . He was able to get to the free throw line a wopping 13 times , and converted on 11 out of those attempts . Canaan on the other hand shot 7 - for - 17 from the field and 5 - for - 12 from the three - point line to score 22 points , to go along with four steals , two assists and one steal . He 's now pushed his season averages to 16 points and 3 rebounds per game on the year . Jahlil Okafor also had a solid showing , posting 16 points ( 8 - 20 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt ) , 11 rebounds and three blocked shots before fouling out . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only six points on Sunday . Coming off the bench , Jahlil Okafor was solid , finishing with 16 points ( 8 - 20 FG , 0 - 0 FT ) , 11 rebounds and three blocked shots . It marked his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 6 points and 7 rebounds per game . The Sixers ' next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Wednesday , while the Sixers will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Tuesday .
The Golden State Warriors ( 2 - 0 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 2 ) 97 - 87 on Tuesday . Klay Thompson celebrated his new four - year contract extension with a career - high 26 points in 33 minutes . Stephen Curry recored his second straight double - double to start the season . He finished with 22 points and six assists in 37 minutes . David Lee missed his second straight game with a hamstring injury . Omer Asik started at power forward in Lee 's place . Stephen Davis started at power forward in Holiday 's place . Curry finished with 26 points and three assists in 45 minutes . Omer Asik corralled 13 rebounds but only attempted two shots in 24 minutes . Andrew Bogut finished with a double - double of 16 points and 10 rebounds , while Leandro Barbosa ( 11 ) and Leandro Barbosa ( 12 ) round out the six Golden State players who scored in double figures . The Jazz’s offensive was abysmal Wednesday , as the team shot 38 percent from the field and hit on just 35 percent of their attempts from beyond the arc . Klay Thompson scored 26 points , while Draymond Green recorded a double - double of his own , recording 14 points and five rebounds in 42 minutes . Up next , the Warriors will stay home Wednesday to take on the Nuggets , while the Pelicans will head to Los Angeles to go up against the Lakers on Friday . The Warriors play the Pelicans at home on Thursday , while the Warriors head to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 18 - 19 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 13 - 24 ) 99 - 94 on Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . This marked a big win for the Thunder , as they passed up the New Orleans Pelicans for the eighth and final projected seed in the Western Conference standings . The Pelicans are just a half game behind them though , with the Suns trailing by just three games as well , so it 'll remain a fight for the last seed all the way until the end of the regular season in the West . The Thunder , on the other hand , are currently in the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference standings . They 're even with the Indiana Pacers , but hold the tie breaker , so they remain ahead of them for now . The Thunder are also just a game behind the Miami Heat for the seventh spot . With both Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka out due to injury , Russell Westbrook continued to put on a show . He did n't have the best night shooting the ball ( 9 - 17 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) , but he got to the free throw line at will and converted on 2 - of - 6 three - pointers to finish with 32 points and five rebounds . Russell Westbrook recorded his third triple - double of the season , as he finished with 25 points , 9 rebounds and 12 assists . He shot 9 - for - 17 from the field and 2 - for - 1 from beyond the arc to finish with 25 points . Westbrook has been scoring at an insane rate over his last three games , as Hayward is averaging 15 points per game over that span . Coming off the bench , Trey Burke had a solid showing , posting 20 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds in 38 minutes . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Dion Waiters , who recorded 15 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) and three rebounds . Both Serge Ibaka and Serge Ibaka reached double figures in points as well . Ibaka finished with 13 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt ) and seven rebounds , while Ibaka posted 12 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) and seven rebounds . The Thunder were led by Russell Westbrook , who recorded his first triple - double of the year with 25 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , to go along with four rebounds and 12 assists . He also did it on the defensive side of the ball with seven steals , marking his sixth straight double - double and fourth in the last five games . He 's now averaging 22 points and 4 assists on the season . Derrick Favors was able to post a double - double , finishing with 22 points ( 9 - 17 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) and 11 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 53 points and 15 rebounds over his last two games . Coming off the bench , Dion Waiters shot
The Orlando Magic defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 95 - 87 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . The second half is when Orlando really turned it on , as they outscored Dallas , 29 - 24 in the fourth quarter to cap off their comeback win . There were seven ties and 17 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 26 points . The Magic got it done through offense , as they shot 34 percent from the field and from three - point range . Jonathan Augustin was a bright spot , as he led the team with 26 points off the bench . Jonathan Augustin was a nice spark off the bench , dropping 26 points and six assists . The Magic ( 6 - 7 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Jonathan Gibson had the best game of his return though , as he tallied 26 points and six rebounds on 8 - of - 16 shooting . D.J . Augustin led the team in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 5 - of - 5 from three - point range . Wesley Matthews finished second on the team , totaling 13 points , four rebounds and two assists . Serge Ibaka was the only other Laker in double figures , collecting 15 points , nine rebounds and three assists . On deck for Dallas is a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday .
The Washington Wizards ( 23 - 27 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 23 - 32 ) 111 - 108 at Madison Square Garden on Monday . Carmelo Anthony ( ankle ) returned to the starting lineup after missing Friday’s game against the Memphis Grizzlies with knee soreness , but it was not enough to give the Knicks a needed spark , as they now own a four game losing streak . Anthony finished with 33 points , 13 rebounds and two assists on 12 - of - 22 shooting , including three buckets from behind the arc . Wall added 28 points , five boards and 17 assists , but shot just 10 - of - 24 from the field . Beal followed with 26 points , three rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Robin Lopez added 14 points , eight rebounds and one assist to round out the box score , while Langston Galloway added 14 points and five rebounds in 38 minutes off the bench . Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Knicks visit the Sacramento Kings ( 20 - 41 ) , while the Knicks visit the New Orleans Pelicans ( 21 - 13 ) . Washington was playing the second game of a back - to - back , so the strategic rest early in the season did cause them to fall four games below the .500 mark . However , wins against the Wizards team that came up short , which will have been an ugly first quarter to earn its first win since the All-Star break . Carmelo Anthony led the team with 33 points on 12 - of - 22 shooting from the field to go along with two rebounds and two assists . Kristaps Porzingis added 20 points of his own , while Langston Galloway added 14 points and five rebounds in 29 minutes . Arron Afflalo struggled to find his shot , going just 5 - of - 7 from the field and 1 - of - 1 from three point range . The Knicks point guard finished with 33 points , 13 rebounds and two assists on 12 - of - 24 shooting . Robin Lopez added 54 points and eight rebounds , while Arron Afflalo added 11 points on 1 - of - 7 shooting . Next up , the Wizards host the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Knicks visit the Golden State Warriors on Saturday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder , 107 - 91 , on Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena to take a 1 - 28 lead in the Eastern Conference finals . Likely a bit spooked by both their performance over the last two games , and the throttling suffered by the other postseason presumptive favorite down in Oklahoma City in their last pair of contests , the Cavaliers came out with impressive tunnel vision in Game 0 . They ambushed the visiting Thunder right out of the gate , winning the first quarter by a margin of 21 - 24 . The rout was on , as Cleveland took a massive 65 - 34 advantage into halftime , a lead that eventually ballooned to 0 - 20 by the end of the third period . Kyrie Irving drained a pair of three - pointers to help strengthen the lead early in the fourth , but the Cavs followed up with a 27 - point final period to seal the road win . Kyrie Irving 's 29 points led the Cavs , a total he supplemented with three rebounds , 10 assists and a steal . Victor Oladipo supplied 17 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Domantas Sabonis contributed 12 points , five rebounds and a block . Steven Adams produced a modest seven points but did haul in 10 boards . Cameron Payne paced the reserves with eight points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Cavaliers remain home to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Saturday night , while the Thunder remain home to face the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday night .
The Toronto Raptors ( 2 - 0 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 1 - 1 ) 113 - 103 on Wednesday at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto . The Raptors were able to win their fifth straight game on Monday , as they slipped away with a four - point victory over the Celtics . Despite out - rebounding Boston 53 - 53 , the Celtics were able to shoot 44 percent from the field and 42 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics shot 38 percent from the floor and 27 percent from beyond the arc . The Raptors were led by Isaiah Thomas , who went 7 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to finish with 25 points and seven assists . He shot a combined 7 - for - 15 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Tyler Zeller went 4 - for - 8 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the free throw line to score 21 points , while also adding five rebounds and two steals . After shooting just 28 percent ( 2 - 11 FG ) from the field in Sunday 's game against the Rockets , it was a nice bounce back game for him . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Avery Bradley , who posted 13 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and three assists in 30 minutes . The Raptors ' next game will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday , while the Celtics will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Toronto Raptors , 104 - 89 , at American Airlines Arena on Monday . The recent form of these teams would indicate a Miami blowout , but that simply was n't the case in this close - fought battle . A 28 - 12 run spanning between the second and third quarter was the decisive stretch , as that swung a double - digit lead for the Raptors into a 11 - point lead for the Heat . Despite there being just five ties and four lead changes , neither team led by more than 12 points , as it was a single - digit margin for well over 38 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Miami going 14 - of - 21 from long range , while Toronto went just 8 - of - 22 . The Heat did dominate the rebounding , winning that battle , 35 - 7 . Miami ( 38 - 28 ) had lost three - straight headed into this matchup , so a blowout win is just what the doctor ordered . Dion Waiters was the player of the game , as he scored a game - high 20 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting . DeMar DeRozan was n't far behind , as he tallied 17 points , four rebounds and two assists . Jonas Valanciunas gathered up 10 points and 10 rebounds en route to a double - double . Tyler Johnson provided 16 points and 3 rebounds off the bench . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 12 points and 14 rebounds .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 113 - 96 , on Monday at Palace of Auburn Hills . The Pistons ( 24 - 28 ) continued to play the good basketball they 've been playing as of late , notching their third win in four games . And they did so with great team basketball , as all five of their starters managed to score in double figures in what was a dominant game for the home team . Andre Drummond was a monster down low , recording yet another double - double of 16 points and 17 rebounds , while Marcus Morris led the way scoring for Detroit , posting 19 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting and grabbing eight rebounds of his own . In the end , six different Pistons players managed to score in double figures in what was an abysmal night for the overall team . Reggie Jackson , on the other hand , scored a team - high 19 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting in 28 minutes . All five starters scored in double figures for the 76ers , but the high - point man was Andre Drummond , who finished with 16 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , to go along with 17 rebounds in 26 minutes . Reggie Jackson shot 4 - of - 9 from the field and finished with 14 points , six assists , two rebounds and one steal in 28 minutes . Six players scored in double digits for the Pistons , led by Reggie Jackson 's 16 points and six rebounds , in 19 minutes off the bench .
James Harden 's numbers have been off the chart , as the point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers has dropped multiple 16 - plus assist games this season , and added another one against the Houston Rockets on Wednesday . The impressive box score effort also played a major role in rallying his team to a difficult victory . While Tony Parker ( knee ) was sidelined for another game , James Harden once again led the team in scoring , rebounds , posting 41 points on 13 - of - 20 shooting and Irving finished with 41 points . It was an overall efficient night for the team , as the team shot over 48 percent from the field and hit 11 three - pointers . For Houston , meanwhile , it was a one - man show starring superstar James Harden . Though James played well below his season averages , he still led the team with 41 points and 15 assists . He also went a perfect 10 - of - 14 at the free - throw line . For Houston , meanwhile , it was a slower night on offense , as the team hit only 48 percent of its shots . The Rockets ' backcourt of LeBron James and Kevin Love appeared to make up for some of the slack , however , as sophomore superstar Kyrie Irving posted a team - high 32 points . Irving also contributed 2 steals and dished out a assists . As a team , the Rockets shot over 48 percent and struggled from three - point range . The Rockets will host the Pistons on Thursday while the Rockets will take on the Kings .
The Minnesota Timberwolves ( 2 - 0 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 1 - 1 ) 95 - 78 on Wednesday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . Right from the tip - off , the Timberwolves were clearly the better offensive team in this one . They capped off the first half with a 48 - 39 point lead , giving them enough of an advantage to coast to a victory on the road . They shot 42 percent from the field and 18 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets shot only 31 percent from the floor and a meager 20 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Timberwolves also secured a 49 - 51 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Timberwolves were led by the duo of Andrew Wiggins and Karl-Anthony Towns . Towns went 11 - for - 19 from the field to score 28 points , while also grabbing 14 rebounds and adding two blocks . The 28 points were a new season - high for him , while the double - double was his first since December seventeenth . While he did n't do too much on the offensive side of the ball with only four points ( 2 - 8 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 0 - 0 FT ) , Gary Harris went just 2 - for - 8 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to finish with four points in 18 minutes . With Garnett out , Karl-Anthony Towns did everything he could to keep the Nuggets in the game . He went 11 - for - 19 from the field and 6 - for - 7 from the free throw line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding 14 rebounds and four blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now averaging 17 points and 13 rebounds on the year . Emmanuel Mudiay also had a solid showing , going 5 - for - 15 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 15 points , while adding two assists . He 's now averaging 10 points and 4 rebounds on the year . The only other Nugget to reach double figures in points was Danilo Gallinari , who finished with 10 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 30 minutes . The only other Nugget to reach double figures was Will Barton , who contributed 14 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) off the bench . The Timberwolves had six players reach double figures in points . Karl-Anthony Towns led the way , going 11 - for - 19 from the field to score a team - high of 28 points , while also adding 14 rebounds and four blocked shots . It marked his third double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's averaged 26 points and 19 rebounds per game . Coming off the bench , Will Barton came off the bench for 14 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and four rebounds in
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 50 - 21 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 14 - 57 ) , 103 - 82 , on Sunday at the FedEX Forum . Memphis came into this game trailing idle Houston by a half game , needing a win to keep pace . The Grizzlies attacked the paint , knowing that Serge Ibaka was n't available to protect the rim . Memphis ended up scoring 60 points in the paint , with Jeff Green and Marc Gasol doing most of the damage . Neither team was able to score from the perimeter , as the Knicks and Grizzlies were a combined 3 - for - 35 from three - point range in the first quarter and overtime . Memphis will look to bounce back when they host the Los Angeles Lakers ( 3 - 28 ) on Tuesday . The Grizzlies were demoralized and tired after giving up a 44 - point lead at the hands of the Mavericks on Friday , but they did n't have the gas to get to the finish line on the second night of a back - to - back against the championship Grizzlies . Kevin Garnett sat out his first game of the season to rest . Jason Smith moved into the starting lineup in place of Tim Hardaway , who did not play and finished with a team - high 19 points in 43 minutes . Andrea Bargnani made his season debut after being sidelined since training camp with a hamstring injury . He put up 10 points and five rebounds in 16 minutes off the bench . The Grizzlies will look to turn their luck around on Sunday when the Toronto Raptors come to town .
The 76ers defeated the New Orleans Pelicans 99 - 88 Thursday at Smoothie King Center . The 76ers ( 5 - 18 ) used a dominant second half to pull away from the Pelicans ( 7 - 16 ) and end their eight - game winning streak . Philadelphia was once again led by Ersan Ilyasova , who scored a team - high 23 points on top of eight rebounds and four assists . Point guard Sergio Rodriguez had 16 points and eight assists , while Joel Embiid , who played after having two of the last three games off , scored 15 points and grabbed seven rebounds . And while the starters had a solid evening for the 76ers , it was their bench that really put them over the top , as the reserves combined to score 37 points Thursday night . Meanwhile , it was another night to forget for the Pelicans , as the absence of both Jrue Holiday and E'Twaun Moore due to toe injuries ended up being too much for this offensively - challenged New Orleans team . Anthony Davis led the way for the team , but scored an underwhelming - - by his standards - - 26 points and grabbed 11 rebounds in 41 minutes . The only other Pelicans player to score in double figures was Langston Galloway , who scored 19 points off the bench in 26 minutes . The other seven New Orleans players who saw action Thursday managed to combine to score just 43 points . With the loss , the Pelicans extended their losing streak to four games and they have now lost six of their last seven . Up next , the 76ers will look to earn their second winning streak of the season against the Pistons on Sunday , while the Pelicans will head to Los Angeles on Saturday to take on the Clippers .
The Utah Jazz defeated the host Los Angeles Lakers , 96 - 89 , at Staples Center on Friday . In a battle between two teams looking to vie for the eight - seed in the west , Utah prevailed with a big win . They took care of busines from start to finish , as the T'Wolves led for over 45 minutes of this game . Defense carried Utah , as they held Los Angeles to 38 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . The Jazz also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 47 - 32 and the points in the paint differential , 48 - 32 . The Jazz ( 1 - 1 ) had the tough task of playing their opponent in their home opener and they showed some resiliency at altitude . George Hill once again carried the load , as he tallied 23 points , three rebounds and three assists . Lou Williams was n't far behind , as he tallied 17 points , six rebounds and six assists . Rudy Gobert recorded another double - double , totaling 13 points , 13 rebounds and four blocks . Nick Young led the starters in scoring , dropping 13 points and seven rebounds . The Lakers will be on the road for their next game on Thursday against the Phoenix Suns . The Lakers ( 1 - 1 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league across their last 24 games and home blowouts like this are simply embarrassing to overcome . George Hill was the player of the game , as he accumulated 23 points , three rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Rudy Gobert finished second on the team with 13 points and 13 rebounds en route to a double - double . Nick Young scored just 11 points on 3 - of - 7 shooting .
The Sacramento Kings ( 11 - 10 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 5 - 16 ) 101 - 92 on Sunday at Energy Solutions Arena in Salt Lake City . While both teams shot very similar percentages from the field , the Kings took the upper made from behind the three - point line , going 38 percent from deep , while the Jazz went just 18 percent from deep . Back in the starting lineup , Rudy Gay led the Kings in scoring with 29 points ( 10 - 19 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , while also adding six rebounds and three steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Kings ' seven - game win streak . Hayward on the other hand went 6 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding seven assists . He 's combined for 0 - of - 6 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Enes Kanter recorded 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and six rebounds in 32 minutes . The Kings ' next game will be on the road against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday , while the Jazz will travel to Minnesota to play the Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Indiana Pacers , 90 - 85 , at United Center on Monday . The Bulls ( 15 - 16 ) jumped on their visitors early in a battle of division rivals , building a 28 - 19 advantage after one quarter . Save for a 20 - 12 edge by the Pacers ( 15 - 17 ) in the third quarter , Chicago had control of the contest for the most part , despite being outperformed on the offensive end by Indiana . The visitors posted a 39 percent success rate from the field and 24 percent from three - point range , which was notably superior to the Bulls ' respective 39 and 24 percent tallies . However , a pair of strong efforts from Dwyane Wade and Nikola Mirotic helped carry the Bulls to the hosts to their ninth home victory of the season . On a night when Jeff Teague significantly struggled with his shot , it was backup point guard Aaron Brooks who led the Bulls off the bench with 19 points , seven assists , four rebounds and a block . Myles Turner was next with 16 points and eight boards , while Paul George turned in 14 points , eight assists , three rebounds and a steal . Thaddeus Young chipped in with 12 points , six boards and a trio of steals . Teague could only muster six points , along with five assists and two rebounds , on 2 - of - 8 shooting . Al Jefferson posted 11 points , five rebounds and three assists in 20 minutes off the bench . Wade 's 21 points paced the Bulls , a total he complemented with five assists , three rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Mirotic registered 20 points and seven boards in 30 minutes off the bench . Jimmy Butler filled out the stat sheet with 16 points , five assists , three rebounds and two steals . Taj Gibson and Jeremi Grant turned in matching 10 - point efforts , and Robin Lopez mustered eight points but hauled in 12 boards , recorded two steals and added a block . The Pacers continue on their road trip , with their next stop being the Nation 's Capital for a Wednesday night tussle with the Washington Wizards . The Bulls remain home to tangle with the Brooklyn Nets on Wednesday evening as well .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 40 - 8 ) stifled the Philadelphia 76ers ( 10 - 38 ) en route to a 91 - 85 win on Wednesday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated this result , as these two are going in opposite directions . While the score looks lopsided , the game was close throughout and it was a late run by the Hawks that really opened up the scoreline . The three - point shooting was the key for Atlanta , as they went 32 - for - 32 from long distance . The assist - to - turnover ratios were a huge difference in this game , as the Hawks recorded 20 assists and 12 turnovers , while the Hawks committed 14 turnovers to their 20 assists . The Hawks have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Al Horford was the player of the game , as he tallied 23 points and 11 rebounds in the win . Dennis Schroder also played great , tallying 15 points , five rebounds and six assists . Philadelphia will look to get out of this slide on Wednesday against the Charlotte Hornets . This loss snapped a three - game winning streak for the 76ers , but what really killed them was a 12 - point second quarter . One bright spot in the loss were the 8 - point shooting team for the Hawks , as they went 22 - for - 23 from long distance . The Sixers have been a revived team recently , but couldn’t muster up much here . The worst offense in the NBA showed it 's true colors tonight and couldn’t get anything going . The only player who played well was Al Millsap , who collected 23 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and three blocks in the win . Both teams are off until Tuesday , when they host the Washington Wizards for their next fixture .
The Orlando Magic ( 35 - 46 ) defeated the visiting Milwaukee Bucks ( 33 - 48 ) 107 - 98 , Friday evening at Amway Center . The Magic came into this game in fifth place , only half a game behind the third place Hawks and half a game ahead of the sixth place Hornets , but the Magic put a damper on the Bucks as they managed to keep them from making any progress in the Eastern Conference standings . Ersan Ilyasova led the way for Orlando , scoring 22 points ( 9 - 13 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) in 37 minutes , while Jabari Parker finished with 17 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 1 - 2 FT ) and three rebounds . The Bucks shot a sharp 49 percent from the field and 20 percent from three - point range . Greg Monroe led the Bucks in scoring with 23 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , along with seven rebounds , three steals , two assists and one block , in 27 minutes . Khris Middleton chipped in 17 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , seven assists , five rebounds and two steals , in 35 minutes , while Jabari Parker added 11 points ( 3 - 8 FG , 5 - 10 FT ) , three rebounds and three assists , in 31 minutes . The Bucks shot 49 percent from the field and 30 percent from long range , as they cruised to victory . Ersan Ilyasova was the high - point man for Milwaukee , with 22 points on 10 - 13 shooting , along with six rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , in 37 minutes . Khris Middleton chipped in 17 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 0 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , seven assists , five rebounds and two steals , in 35 minutes , while Khris Fournier added 13 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , five rebounds and four assists , in 38 minutes . The Bucks shot 49 percent from the field and 30 percent from long range , as they cruised to victory . Ersan Ilyasova was the high - point man for Milwaukee , with 22 points on 10 - 13 shooting , along with six rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , in 37 minutes . Khris Middleton added 17 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 0 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , five rebounds and seven assists , in 35 minutes , while Khris Fournier added 13 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , along with five rebounds and four assists , in 38 minutes . The Bucks shot 53 percent from the field and 30 percent from long range , as they cruised to victory . Ersan Ilyasova was the high - point man for Milwaukee , with 22 points on 10 - 13 shooting , along with six rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block , in 37 minutes . Khris Middleton added 17 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , five rebounds and seven assists ,
The Denver Nuggets ( 24 - 37 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 50 ) 117 - 107 on Monday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Nuggets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Lakers 27 - 29 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Nuggets also shot better than the Lakers , going 44 percent from the field and 52 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 44 percent from the floor and a meager 36 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Nuggets also secured a 42 - 31 rebounding advantage . The Nuggets had four players reach double figures in points . D'Angelo Russell led the charge , going 9 - for - 20 from the field and 3 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 24 points , while also adding six assists and a pair of rebounds . His points total was a season - high for him , as he was able to get his teammates involved in the blowout win . Julius Randle had a big double - double with 18 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) and seven rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 50 rebounds over his last two games . Gary Harris was the other starter in double figures , as he finished with 16 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and three rebounds in 40 minutes . He 's had a strong stretch of three games where he 's averaging 22 points and 11 rebounds , as he 's really stepped up his production with Ibaka sidelined . Coming off the bench , Jordan Clarkson was the only other player in double figures , fininshing with 13 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , three rebounds and two blocked shots in 23 minutes . The Nuggets ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 9 - 6 ) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers ( 6 - 7 ) 91 - 80 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . Going into halftime tied at 45 , it looked as if this was going to be a grind - it - out , close finish . Instead , the Raptors took control in the fourth quarter , out - scoring the Clippers 59 - 62 to finish the game and steal the victory on the road . The Raptors shot 37 percent from the field and 24 percent from the three - point line , while the Clippers finished at 39 percent from the floor and 22 percent from deep . With the win , Toronto moves into a tie with the Chicago Bulls ( who lost to the Hornets Friday ) for the third projected playoff seed in the Eastern Conference standings , while the Raptors drop to a half game behind the Hornets ( who beat the Bulls Friday ) for the eigth and final projected playoff seed . Giving the Raptors their biggest contribution was DeMarre Carroll , who scored a season - high 20 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , while also adding eight rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Raptors ' seven - game win streak . DeRozan on the other hand went 4 - for - 16 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding three assists . After taking double - digit shot attempts in all five of his previous playoff games coming into this one , Scola had just eight points , but he was able to get to the hoop and score as he pleased . It was clear he planned on taking over from the start and if he can continue to have this type of impact , the Raptors should be very tough defeat , even without Kevin Love . DeMar DeRozan had a relatively quiet night . He went 5 - for - 13 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding four rebounds . He 's now averaging 17 points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , J.J. Redick shot 5 - for - 13 from the field and 3 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 17 points in 17 minutes . The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the Phoenix Suns on Friday , while the Clippers will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Miami Heat , 106 - 94 , at America Airlines Arena on Tuesday . While Miami got out to an early lead , that was the only one they 'd have all game . In fact , the Thunder led for the final 40 - plus minutes , as they pulled out a near wire - to - wire win . Rebounding was the biggest factor to the Thunder 's success , as they won that battle , 46 - 32 . Fastbreak points and points in the paint were also decisive , as Oklahoma City outscored Miami , 58 - 32 in the paint and 16 - 4 in fastbreak points . The Thunder finished the game shooting 51 percent from the field , while holding the Heat to just 44 percent . Oklahoma City ( 20 - 12 ) have riden the back of Russell Westbrook all season and he carried the load once again here . Westbrook notched his 15th triple - double of the season , as he accumulated 29 points , 17 rebounds and 11 assists in the win . Steven Adams was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and eight rebounds . Enes Kanter was a nice spark off the bench , providing 19 points and eight rebounds . On deck for the Thunder is a road matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday . Miami ( 10 - 22 ) had to play this game without Goran Dragic and it clearly hampered them in this loss . Josh Richardson had been struggling this season , but he was a nice bright spot in this loss , tallying a career - high 22 points , five rebounds and three assists . The Johnson 's once again led the bench in scoring , as Josh Johnson accrued N/A points and five rebounds , while Tyler Johnson dropped 15 points , two rebounds and two assists . Hassan Whiteside really struggled , as he went 4 - of - 11 from the field and committed four turnovers en route to a 12 - point and eight - rebound dud . The Heat will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Charlotte Hornets .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the host Chicago Bulls , 112 - 110 , at United Center on Monday . In a battle between two of the worst defenses in the NBA , the more potent offense was able to prevail with a win . Portland was hitting on all cylinders offensively , as they hit 48 percent of their shots in their win . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with Portland recording 25 assists to nine turnovers , while Chicago committed 15 turnovers to just 16 assists . The Trail Blazers ( 12 - 10 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Damian Lillard continued his great form , as he tallied 30 points , seven assists , three rebounds and two steals in the victory . C.J . McCollum was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 24 points , two rebounds and five assists . Allen Crabbe was the best player off the bench , as he provided 17 points , five rebounds and three assists . Dwyane Wade was the player of the game , as he accumulated 34 points , four rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 23 shooting . Jimmy Butler finished with 26 points , seven rebounds , five assists and two steals . Nikola Mirotic totaled 18 points , seven rebounds and two blocks . Allen Crabbe started for Chicago and finished with 17 points , five rebounds and two steals . Allen Turner led the bench with 17 points and five rebounds .
The Houston Rockets ( 7 - 1 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 2 - 5 ) 113 - 101 on Saturday . Houston has won three straight games , and the deeper they get into the season , the more believable the Rockets ' turnaround under coach Jason Kidd appears to be a sustainable change . The Rockets gave all five of the bench players they used at least 34 minutes . Dwight Howard paced the Houston team with a double - double of 22 points and 10 rebounds , while Corey Brewer also scored a team - high 18 points . The Rockets will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Minnesota has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Timberwolves will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Timberwolves have the right guys to build a winning team around . James Harden paced the Timberwolves on Wednesday , finishing with 23 points , four rebounds , 10 assists and three steals in 40 minutes . Dwight Howard followed up a career - high 22 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting , 4 rebounds , two assists and four blocks in 33 minutes . The Rockets will wrap up their road trip against the Detroit Pistons on Sunday , while the Timberwolves will stay home to host the Utah Jazz on Saturday .
The Washington Wizards ( 15 - 6 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 9 - 15 ) 91 - 89 on Wednesday at the Amway Center in Orlando . The Magic got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Wizards did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 42 percent compared to the Magic , who went 47 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Wizards did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Magic into 8 turnovers , while committing just nine of their own . The Wizards ' frontcourt did most of the damage in this one . John Wall went 10 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding 11 rebounds and 11 assists . He 's now averaging 12 points and eight rebounds on the year . Victor Oladipo was another player with a solid showing . He did n't have his best shooting performance on the season ( 7 - 16 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , but he still finished with 17 points , as he was able to get to the free throw line at a high rate . In the two games since returning from the All-Star break , he 's combined for 6 - of - 29 from the field and 0 - for - 6 from the three - point line over his last two games . He 's still averaging 18 points and 10 rebounds on the year . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Elfrid Payton , who posted 12 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt ) and four assists in 30 minutes . For the Magic , John Wall did the bulk of the damage despite the loss . He finished with a team - high of 21 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) , to go along with six rebounds and 11 assists , while Harris recorded 15 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 0 - 1 FT ) and six rebounds . Oladipo has been struggling lately , averaging 21 points over his last three games . Tobias Harris also had a solid contribution . He finished with 17 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds and three steals before fouling out in the second overtime . He had an extremely poor outing on Friday where he went 3 - for - 8 from the field , so it was good to see him get back on track . Also , coming off the bench , Kyle O'Quinn recorded his third double - double of the season , as he finished with 12 points ( 6 - 15 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) and 6 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 47 points and 15 rebounds over those two games . Coming off the bench , Kris Frye was extremely efficient . He went 7 - for - 11 from the
Frontcourt depth was one of the biggest concerns for the Celtics heading into their 2016 - 14 season . And while for the most part , the play behind starer Nicolas Batum has been inconsistent at best , Kelly Olynyk is showing that he can be a legitimate reserve option for Boston with his play over the last three games . In Monday 's outing , Olynyk played 26 minutes off the bench and scored 15 points on 6 - of - 9 shooting from the field to go along with nine rebounds . Now , over the course of Boston 's current three - game win streak , Olynyk has averaged 9 points and 9 rebounds over 26 minutes per game while shooting an impressive 6 - of - 12 ( 67 percent ) from behind the arc and 22 - of - 34 ( 63 percent ) from the field overall . There have been trade rumors brewing all season surrounding Boston and another big man , but Olynyk has his best performance of the season on Tuesday . Over his last 7 games , Thomas is averaging 7 points , 4 rebounds and 5 assists per game . On the other side , Charlotte 's bench , Jae Kidd-Gilchrist , Jae Crowder , and Marvin Williams all came up with some big help in the win . Horford finished with 22 points and six rebounds in a team - high 34 minutes . Kelly Olynyk gave up a nice spark off the bench with 15 points , including 2 three - pointers . The Hornets will host the Miami Heat on Tuesday in their next game .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 7 - 9 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 4 - 15 ) 98 - 93 on Sunday at the Madison Square Garden in New York . The Nets were able to use a strong second half , where they out - scored the Knicks 50 - 41 , to coast to a 12 - point victory on the road . The Nets shot 44 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks finished at 43 percent from the floor and just 39 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , Brook Lopez backed those words up , as he finished with a game - high of 23 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , to go along with eight rebounds , two assists and three blocked shots . Johnson had scored 10 points or less in each of his last two games , so it was good to see the point guard have a little more success Wednesday . Deron Williams also had a solid showing , recording 19 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , five assists and three steals . Like Anthony , he 's turned it on offensively of late , scoring 21 or more points in four out of his last five games . Carmelo Anthony did everything he could to keep the Knicks in this game . He went 7 - for - 22 from the field and 1 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding nine rebounds . He 's now combined for 52 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big reason for the Nets ' success . Amar'e Stoudemire added 17 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) and nine rebounds , while Mason Plumlee added 10 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 6 FT ) and eight rebounds . The Knicks ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Saturday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Orlando Magic , 105 - 99 , at Barclay 's Center on Thursday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . The second half is when Cleveland really turned it on , as they outscored Orlando , 59 - 29 in that 17 - minute stretch . Prior to that , there were 10 lead changes and nine ties , as it was close throughout the first half . Defense was key for the Cavaliers , as they held the Magic to 45 percent shooting and forced them to commit 20 turnovers . LeBron James carried the load , as he tallied 23 points , six rebounds and nine assists . Kevin Love was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 19 points and five rebounds on 6 - of - 17 shooting . Jeff Green provided a nice spark off the bench , providing 10 points and two assists . The Cavaliers ( 3 - 0 ) continue to be starting at center , but they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . LeBron James carried the load , as he totaled 23 points , six rebounds and nine assists . Serge Ibaka was second on the team , as he totaled 19 points and seven rebounds . Jeff Green provided a nice all - around game off the bench , as he amassed 10 points , nine rebounds and two assists . Cleveland will look to bounce back on Sunday in a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Miami Heat , 93 - 90 , at Philips Arena on Wednesday . Atlanta were expected to win this game easily and they left yes doubt with this lopsided result . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Hawks , as they led by 13 after the first quarter and by 0 - 70 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , as Atlanta recorded eight more assists than the Heat , while committing five less turnovers . The Hawks ( 8 - 2 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Hassan Whiteside continued his fantastic form , as he led the team with 19 points and 25 rebounds on 6 - of - 15 shooting . Paul Millsap was just as good , accumulating 19 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Paul Millsap finished the game with 15 points , six rebounds , four assists and two steals on 7 - of - 10 shooting . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 11 rebounds . Dion Waiters was the only other player in double figures , as he accumulated 11 points , four rebounds , two assists and three steals . The Hawks will look to get out of this slide on Monday in a home matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers . The Hawks ( 8 - 2 ) did a great job of sticking around in the game , but they simply did n't have enough to hang around with a team like the Hawks . Josh Richardson had to carry the load for Miami , as he led the team with 19 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Paul Millsap finished second on the team with 15 points , six rebounds and four assists . Kent Bazmore was second in scoring , dropping 12 points and five assists . The Hawks will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Miami Heat defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 113 - 99 , at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday . The recent form of these teams would indicate a Miami blowout , but that simply was n't the case in this close - fought battle . A 28 - 8 run spanning between the second and third quarter was the decisive stretch , as that swung a double - digit lead for the Pelicans into a 11 - point lead for the Heat . Despite there being just five ties and four lead changes , neither team led by more than 14 points , as it was a single - digit margin for well over 67 minutes . Three-point shooting was the biggest difference in the game , with Miami shooting just 21 percent to Portand 's 16 percent . The Heat won despite shooting just 50 percent from the field and 16 percent from three - point range . The Heat ( 41 - 44 ) had to play this game without Anthony Davis ( thigh ) and it clearly hurt their offense . Dwyane Wade did all he could for New Orleans , as he led the team with 25 points , seven rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 21 shooting . Goran Dragic was n't far behind , tallying 21 points , eight rebounds and five assists of his own . Amar'e Stoudemire and Amar'e Stoudemire were huge off the bench , as they combined for 29 points , nine rebounds , four steals , three blocks and two steals . The Pelicans will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Orlando Magic .
The visiting Dallas Mavericks upset the powerhouse Los Angeles Clippers on Friday , 90 - 88 . Dallas ( 9 - 21 ) has now won four of its last seven games after a horrendous start to the season that had seated them at last in the Western Conference . On Friday , the team saw the return of star forward Dirk Nowitzki ( Achilles ) . Despite only playing 15 minutes , Nowitzki was a difference - maker for the Mavs , scoring 17 points on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Forward Harrison Barnes , meanwhile , led the team with 24 points . The Mavericks played tough defense , forcing 20 Clippers turnovers on the night . Los Angeles ( 22 - 9 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs in a major win on Thursday , but saw a fourth quarter collapse against the Clippers . Despite leading by as much as eight early in the fourth , the Clippers walked away with a loss at the end of the day . LA is missing star forward Blake Griffin , who recently underwent surgery and is expected to be sidelined until mid - January . Griffin 's absence was felt , as the Clippers ' starting five combined for just 34 points . Sixth man Jamal Barnes led the team with 26 points . The real strength of the rebounding came from DeAndre Jordan , who snatched 17 rebounds to go along with seven points . The Clippers will visit Phoenix on Thursday , while the Mavericks will see the Lakers on Sunday . Los Angeles , meanwhile , will be visiting the equally - hot Raptors in Toronto .
Fans had the pleasure of witnessing a career night from a bright young star on Wednesday , as Utah 's Rudy Gobert scored a personal - best 35 points on the night . Gobert shot an absurd 13 - of - 14 from the field and went 9 - of - 12 at the free - throw line . While delivering this incredible offensive output , Gobert maintained the defensive excellence for which he is known . On the night , Gobert blocked four shots and stole the ball once while pulling down a team - high 13 rebounds . The Jazz as a whole shot 46 percent from the field but hit just 7 - of - 28 from beyond the three - point arc . On the Knicks ' end , things were a little bleaker . The team committed four more turnovers and 15 more personal fouls than its opponent , a slate of errors that ultimately cost them the win . Sophomore big man Kristaps Porzingis had six of those fouls , but still managed a team - high 24 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting . The Knicks have now lost four straight games , and will have to jockey for position in the Eastern Conference playoff race . The overimte loss came at an unfavorable time for the sliding Mavs , who could be sitting just one game out of the lottery by the All-Star break . Utah , meanwhile , is struggling to remain healthy despite the season having barely begun . Star forwards Gordon Hayward and Dante Exum were sidelined with injuries , as well as bench guard Alec Burks . New York will host the Nets on Wednesday , while the Knicks will visit Phoenix to take on the Suns .
The Phoenix Suns ( 33 - 30 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 25 - 35 ) 108 - 100 on Monday at the Staples Center in Brooklyn . The Suns got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nets 21 - 21 in the first quarter . Along with their quick start , the Suns also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 43 percent from the field and 12 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets went 35 percent from the floor and a meager 36 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Suns also secured a 51 - 57 rebounding advantage . The Suns had six players reach double figures , while the Nets were led by the duo of Markieff Morris and Brook Lopez . Lopez finished with a team - high of 19 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , while also adding five rebounds and two steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Suns ' seven - game win streak . Bledsoe on the other hand finished a game - high of 19 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 8 - 11 FT ) , while also adding 10 rebounds and six assists . He 's now averaging 14 points and 4 rebounds on the year . Markieff Morris also had a solid all - around game . He went 7 - for - 16 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding four assists . He shot a combined 9 - for - 16 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Brandan Wright had 14 points ( 5 - 5 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) in 25 minutes . The Heats ' next game will be on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Nets will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Indiana Pacers , 140 - 112 , at Pepsi Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . The second half is when Denver made their mark , as they outscored Indiana , 39 - 20 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Denver recording 37 assists to just 15 turnovers , while Indiana committed 16 turnovers to just 26 assists . Three-point shooting really killed the Pacers , as they went just 27 - of - 27 to the free - throw line . Denver ( 15 - 19 ) has struggled on the road all season and this sort of loss only adds to those deficiencies . Not one of the five starters played well , as none of them surpassed 10 points , six rebounds or three assists . Jameer Nelson was a lone bright spot for the Pacers , as he led the team with 21 points and seven rebounds . Danilo Gallinari was second on the team , with his 18 points and seven boards . Paul George did all he could for Indiana , as he accumulated 10 points , four rebounds and three assists . Paul George was the only other starter with more than four points , as he accrued 10 points , four rebounds and three assists . Will Barton was the only other Pacers player in double figures , as he dropped 20 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting . On deck for the Pacers is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday .
Gordon Hayward poured in a season - high 25 points on efficient 9 - of - 21 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds and two assists , in 33 minutes . Jusuf Nurkic followed up with a solid 16 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from long range , along with 11 rebounds , in 26 minutes off the bench . Jamal Murray finished with 18 points , on 6 - of - 9 shooting , in 23 minutes off the bench , while Nikola Jokic finished with 12 points , six rebounds and four assists . Emmanuel Mudiay struggled from the field , as he went 5 - of - 10 from the field , on his way to 10 points . Emmanuel Mudiay chipped in 10 points on 5 - of - 13 shooting , along with eight assists and seven rebounds , in 32 minutes . The Nuggets shot 63 percent from the field , while also hit 31 - of - 49 from the free throw line . The Nuggets will look to build on this win , as they look ahead to Monday , when they will play host to the Pistons . The Jazz ( 7 - 8 ) were led by a pair of 25 - point efforts from Gordon Hayward and Jamal Murray , with the former adding seven assists , four rebounds and a steal , while the latter supplied four boards and an assist . Emmanuel Mudiay tallied 10 points , seven rebounds and eight assists , while Emmanuel Mudiay struggled with eight points on 5 - of - 13 shooting . Dante Exum was the only other Jazz player to score in double digits , as he chipped in 10 points .
The Miami Heat ( 34 - 39 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 28 - 45 ) 109 - 102 on Monday at the Palace of Auburn Hills . While currently riding an eight - game losing streak , the Heat were able to overcome the drought and secured a victory in a double - overtime thriller . With just six seconds left in regulation , Goran Dragic came just shy of a triple - double , finishing with 10 points ( 12 - 17 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 8 FT ) , six rebounds and nine assists in 36 minutes . The Heat were led by Dwyane Wade , who had a season - high of 40 points ( 14 - 27 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 12 - 13 FT ) , to go along with six rebounds , four assists and one steal . The Heat have gotten off on the right foot to start 2014 , and the two players left from the `` big three '' stepped up once again in this win , with Andre Drummond posting a double - double of 32 points ( 14 - 17 FG , 4 - 0 FT ) and 14 rebounds , while Andre Drummond recorded his third straight double - double and his sixth of the season , as he posted 32 points ( 14 - 17 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 7 FT ) , 14 rebounds and two assists . The Heat 's next game will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday , while the Pistons will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 104 - 81 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Thursday . The Pistons ( 10 - 2 ) checked in to Wednesday 's contest having experienced their share of shooting struggles this season , although they 'd shown signs of improvement in having won three of the prior four games . They heated up significantly from the field against the Pistons ( 6 - 7 ) , managing a 48 percent success rate from the floor and 44 percent mark from three - point range . Four members of the first unit scored at least 12 points , led by Kyrie Irving , who posted a game - high 25 points . Irving was right behind him with 25 points , 11 assists , two rebounds and a steal . Kevin Love turned in a 12 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . Jon Leuer got the start at small forward and posted 15 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope posted nine points , while Tobias Harris and Tobias Harris turned in matching nine - point efforts . Kyrie Irving contributed a 25 - point , 11 - assist double - double , while Jon Leuer led the bench with 15 points . Tobias Harris paced the second unit with 15 points , seven rebounds and one block . Detroit remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to Los Angeles to face off against the Lakers on Wednesday . James supplemented his team - high total with 21 points , three assists , three rebounds and a steal . James finished with 21 points , three assists , three rebounds , a block and a block . Kevin Love was next with a 12 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . Tristan Thompson was next with a modest eight points but did haul in 14 boards and dished out two assists . The Pistons head to Indiana to tangle with the Pacers on Friday night , while the Cavs are home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday evening as well .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 137 - 112 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Saturday evening . The Bucks turned in their highest point total of the season , as they ran past the struggling Suns . The Bucks ( 22 - 28 ) shot a blistering 63 percent from the field , as they scorched the Suns ' defense . Giannis Antetokounmpo led the way for Milwaukee with 30 points , 12 rebounds , six assists and four blocks to stuff the stat sheet . Mirza Teletovic followed up with 19 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting , to burn his former team . Jabari Parker added 18 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting , and nine rebounds , as he was solid in 31 minutes . The Bucks are still stuck outside the top eight in the East but will look to continue to claw their way back , as they play host to the Heat on Wednesday . The Suns ( 16 - 35 ) shot only 42 percent from the field , and were dominated in the paint , where they were outscored 74 - 42 . However , Phoenix saw some great performances from some of it 's youngsters , as Marquese Chriss tallied a career - high 27 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting , to go along with six rebounds , in only 24 minutes . Devin Booker went off for 27 points in the second quarter alone , but cooled down , as he finished with 31 points in the contest . Tyson Chandler grabbed 13 rebounds , while Eric Bledsoe and P.J . Tucker chipped in 13 points each . The Suns remain last place in the West but will continue to fight , as they go on to visit New Orleans on Monday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Sacramento Kings , 122 - 118 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday afternoon . Afternoon matinees seem to agree with the Thunder ( 25 - 17 ) , who notched their second consecutive early Saturday win by dominating the Kings ( 16 - 24 ) to the tune of a 63 - 46 first - half lead . That allowed them to essentially cruise in the second half and provide plenty of playing time to recent acquisition Darren Collison off the bench , who enjoyed his best game since arriving in OKC . Russell Westbrook led the way as usual for the Thunder with 23 points , 10 assists , 11 rebounds and four steals . Oklahoma City also imposed their will down low , as they outrebounded their visitors by a 44 - 44 margin . Alex Kanter followed with a 22 - point , 3 - rebound double - double off the bench . Darren Collison and Darren Collison supplied a pair of 21 - point efforts , while Alex Abrines 's 13 points led the bench . Anthony Tolliver posted 10 points in 27 minutes off the bench . DeMarcus Cousins was limited to a 31 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . Darren Collison tallied 21 points and Darren Collison posted a 21 - point , 2 - assist double - double . Alex Abrines and Alex Abrines paced the reserves with matching 13 - point efforts . The Kings return home to face off with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Christmas Night , while the Kings head to the Big Apple to take on the Knicks for a Christmas Day showdown .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 103 - 86 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Tuesday . The two teams square off again Wednesday night in Memphis in the second game of a home - and - home series , so the Grizzlies ( 17 - 9 ) opted to rest Marc Gasol on Tuesday . That left them even more short - handed than usual , given that star point guard Mike Conley is also out for the foreseeable future . That played right into the Cavs ' hands , as they were able to put together a relatively comfortable home win despite sitting Kyrie Irving for rest purposes themselves . LeBron James and Kevin Love turned in their typical quality of performance , but the story was J.R. Smith , who 'd essentially been mired in a month - long slump . The veteran guard posted a season - high 23 points on 8 - of - 17 shooting , including a stellar 6 - of - 10 tally from beyond the arc . Cleveland ( 18 - 5 ) shot 46 percent from the field overall , which helped them overcome 17 turnovers . The Grizzlies were led by Zach Randolph , who started at center for Gasol . He posted 18 points , five rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Troy Williams and Andrew Harrison turned in a pair of 13 - point efforts , with the former adding six rebounds and an assist , and the latter posting four assists , three rebounds , three blocks and a steal . Tony Allen contributed eight points , a rebound , an assist and three steals , while JaMychal Green only poured in two points but brought down eight boards . Jarell Martin supplied eight points , 10 rebounds and an assist . Love led the way for Cleveland with 29 points , 13 rebounds , three assists and two steals . James registered 23 points , 6 assists , six rebounds and three steals . DeAndre Liggins compiled three points , five rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block while drawing the start for Irving , while Channing Frye led the second unit with eight points , a rebound and an assist . The Grizzlies and Cavs meet again on Wednesday evening at FedEx Forum in Memphis .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Phoenix Suns , 125 - 111 , at Toyota Center on Wednesday . This was a game full of swings , as the final one was the most decisive for the Rockets . Houston actually led by 10 at times in the third quarter , but they outscored the Suns by nine in the fourth quarter and overtime . James Harden carried Phoenix , as he accumulated 27 points , five rebounds and 14 assists . Eric Bledsoe was second among starters , finishing with 16 points , two rebounds and six assists . Trevor Ariza was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 10 points , three rebounds and four assists . Montrezl Harrell was a beast off the bench , dropping 18 points on 8 - of - 25 from the field . Devin Booker was the player of the game , scoring a career - high 28 points on 11 - of - 25 shooting . James Harden recorded a triple - double , accumulating 27 points , five rebounds and 14 assists . Patrick Beverley collected 18 points , nine rebounds and nine assists . Montrezl Harrell was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 17 points on 8 - of - 11 shooting . The Rockets will host the New Orleans Pelicans on Thursday for their next game . The Rockets ( 22 - 8 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 16 tries . James Harden led the way with 27 points , five rebounds and 14 assists . Patrick Beverley was second among starters , totaling 19 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . Trevor Ariza amassed 10 points and three rebounds . Nene Hilario was a nice spark off the bench , providing 12 points and two rebounds . Phoenix will return to action on Monday in a road matchup against the Chicago Bulls .
The Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 45 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 17 - 54 ) 107 - 106 at Sleep Train Arena on Wednesday . DeMarcus Cousins ( ankle ) returned to the lineup after missing just one game with a sprained ankle . The start came as no surprise , seeing that Cousins participated in the team 's shootaround earlier on Wednesday . The hottest shooting big man throughout the month of January has continued his hot streak into February and finished with 33 points , 17 rebounds and three assists , but committed six costly turnovers , including a lane violation while on the free throw line in the waning seconds of the fourth quarter . Thomas added nine rebounds and seven assists to his team - high 26th game scoring high . Isaiah Canaan added 13 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Nerlens Noel added another double - double to his double - double of 14 points and 10 rebounds . The Kings finished the game shooting 36 percent from the field and an underwhelming 46 percent from beyond the arc . Up next , the Kings travel to Boston to take on the Celtics on Friday . Philadelphia plays host to the Knicks , also on Friday . The Kings head to Oklahoma City to take on the Thunder , also on Monday . Each game has massive playoff implications . The Sixers have two days off before hosting the Sacramento Kings . The Kings continued their strong stretch of late and fourth quarter in their fourth game back from a four - game homestand .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 104 - 97 , at American Airlines Center on Tuesday . These are two teams on the outside looking in for the playoffs and the Mavericks were able to escape with a huge win to get them closer to that eight - seed . Despite Cleveland leading for the majority of the first quarter , Dallas took control in the second half , outscoring the Cavaliers by a score of that margin . This was a wire - to - wire win for the Mavericks , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 28 - plus minutes . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the decisive statistic , with Dallas recording 19 assists to nine turnovers , while Cleveland committed 17 turnovers to just 17 assists . Cleveland ( 18 - 30 ) had a tough task here against a desperate Mavs team and they fell just short in this tight battle . LeBron James carried the load , as he tallied 23 points , nine rebounds and nine assists en route to a triple - double . Wesley Matthews was second on the team , as he scored 21 points on 6 - of - 16 shooting . Kyrie Irving was n't far behind , tallying 18 points and five assists . Dwight Powell was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 14 points and eight rebounds . Jordan Frye led the bench with 11 points , while also providing seven rebounds . Jordan Frye led the bench with 11 points , seven rebounds and two blocks .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 120 - 103 , at Spectrum Center on Monday . The refrain is a familiar one for the Suns ( 19 - 42 ) , but does n't seem to get old : The dynamic duo of Kemba Walker and Kemba Walker supply a significant portion of the offense , and the complementary pieces around them step up in support as needed . That formula equaled another home victory for Phoenix on Thursday , their 11th of the season in Charlotte . Walker led the way with 26 points , eight assists , four rebounds and two steals . Williams was next with a 19 - point , 4 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Eric Bledsoe followed with 14 points , seven assists , four rebounds , a steal and a block . Rookie Devin Booker supplied a modest 15 points , nine assists , six boards and a block . Nicolas Batum managed a near double - double of 12 points , five assists , three rebounds and a block . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist contributed a 12 - point , 8 - rebound double - double , along with five assists and a block . Tyler Ulis provided 16 points , 1 assists , a rebound and a steal as the only other player on double digits in the scoring column . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist had a modest but full stat line with seven points , eight rebounds , an assist and three blocks . Tyler Ulis provided eight points , eight assists , eight rebounds , a steal and a block in a reserve role as well . Kemba Walker led the starting five with 26 points , eight assists , four rebounds and two steals . Marvin Williams managed 19 points , four rebounds , two steals , a block and two blocks . Devin Booker supplied 15 points , six boards and nine assists . Nicolas Batum registered 12 points , three rebounds and five assists . Leandro Barbosa led the bench with 16 points , four boards , an assist and two steals . Charlotte remains in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Los Angeles to face off against the Lakers on Monday night .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 144 - 98 , at Oracle Arena on Saturday . The Warriors came into this game as a monster favorite and they left very little doubt in who the better team was . Not only did they win all four quarters , they never relinquished the lead after the first quarter . Golden State were lights - out shooting , as they went 49 - of - 78 from the field and 13 - of - 16 from three - point range . Ball movement was key , as the Warriors assisted on 48 of their 49 made baskets . Many statistics were lopsided , as Golden State dominated the paint scoring , fastbreak points and points off turnovers . Los Angeles ( 30 - 18 ) had to play this game without Paul Pierce and they simply did n't disappoint . Stephen Curry was Steph Curry , but scored a team - high 43 points on 15 - of - 23 shooting . Blake Griffin was n't far behind , as he accumulated 20 points , four rebounds and two assists . Raymond Felton was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 10 points , seven rebounds and five assists . On deck for the Clippers is a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns on Tuesday . The Clippers ( 30 - 18 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . Stephen Curry led the way for Golden State , as he collected 43 points , nine rebounds and six assists . Blake Griffin was n't far behind , accumulating 23 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Blake Griffin was a nice spark off the bench , providing 20 points , four rebounds and two assists . The Clippers will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup versus the Chicago Bulls .
The Washington Wizards ( 45 - 33 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 18 - 61 ) 119 - 90 on Wednesday at the Verizon Center in Philadelphia . The Wizards got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the 76ers 35 - 24 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Wizards also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 65 percent from the field and 53 percent from the three - point line , while the 76ers went 35 percent from the floor and a meager 33 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Wizards also secured a 45 - 36 rebounding advantage . The Wizards were led by the duo of Robert Covington and Bradley Beal . Covington went 8 - for - 11 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding three rebounds and two steals . He 's combined for 100 points in the last three games , as he 's been on fire of late . Marcin Gortat added 18 points ( 8 - 9 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and 2 rebounds , while Thomas notched 11 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt ) and seven assists . The Sixers ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the 76ers will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers were led to victory by their stars on Friday , as they narrowly edged out the Miami Heat . All-Star forward Chris Bosh had 22 points and five rebounds while also dishing seven assists . All-Star shooting guard Dwyane Wade , meanwhile , led the team with 20 points and knocked down two three - pointers . The team shot a stellar 46 percent and had nine three - pointers on the night . Miami , meanwhile , shot under 40 percent and had just six threes . Forward Chris Bosh scored a team - high 22 points while knocking down two three - pointers . As a team , the Cs shot over 46 percent from the field and dished out 17 team - highs . The Heat , meanwhile , saw struggles from their stars . Paul Pierce scored 7 points to go with five rebounds and five assists . Miami ( 29 - 23 ) , meanwhile , has been surging lately , pushing their way to the playoff picture after a dismal 15 - 28 start to the season . On Sunday , the Clippers showed the intensity that led them to their playoff push . All-Star point guard Chris Paul led the team with 22 points and seven assists . However , center DeAndre Jordan pulled down 11 rebounds in what was a duel on the glass between him and Jordan . The team protected the ball exceptionally , turning it over just four times as a unit , but could not find the basket enough for the win . Both teams will enjoy a few days of rest carrying into the New Year .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 12 - 9 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 8 - 13 ) 95 - 93 on Saturday . Memphis ended their four - game losing streak with the win . Zach Randolph ( knee ) was still out , but the Grizzlies used their depth to get out to a comfortable lead early . Six players scored in double figures with Marc Gasol leading the way . Gasol scored 22 points to go along with eight boards and two blocks . Despite playing just 40 minutes , Marc Gasol recorded a double - double of 22 points and eight rebounds . The Suns have two games remaining on their five - game homestand . They 'll face off against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday . Phoenix had all five starters finish with double - digit scoring . Marc Gasol had another big game , finishing with 22 points , eight rebounds , and two blocks in 37 minutes . The Grizzlies will return home to host the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday . Phoenix has lost four straight games . Though they are traversing one of the rougher parts of their schedule , the depths to which the Suns have struggled is surprising . Other than Paul George ( leg ) and George Allen ( knee ) being out , the team is healthy , but they have n't found their groove yet this season . Jon Leuer played a season - high 18 minutes , as he posted 10 points and nine rebounds . The Grizzlies will go on the road to face the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the Golden State Warriors , 132 - 110 , at Pepsi Center on Thursday . These are two teams that have struggled on the defensive end this season and it was clearly evident here in this 252 - point game . The Denver offense was lights - out , as they shot 55 percent from the field , 75 percent from the free - throw line and 59 percent from three - point range . Defensive rebounding was key for Golden State , winning that battle , 42 - 26 . The Nuggets ( 46 - 9 ) had a tough task here against a hot Warriors team , as they simply did n't have enough in the arsenal to win this game . Kevin Durant led the way , as he tallied 25 points , four rebounds , five assists and two blocks . Jameer Nelson was second on the team , as he provided 18 points , three rebounds and two steals on 8 - of - 14 shooting . Stephen Curry finished second on the team , accruing 11 points , two rebounds , five assists and three steals . No other player on the roster had more than 14 points or four assists . Kevin Durant led the team in scoring , accruing 25 points , four rebounds , five assists and three blocks on 10 - of - 16 shooting . Will Barton finished second on the team , collecting 24 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists . Stephen Curry accumulated 11 points , two rebounds and five assists en route to a double - double .
Kyrie Irving 's shot has been red - hot over the first two games . He 's managed a 6 - for - 16 tally from beyond the arc and has averaged 20 points , pacing the Cavs in scoring in both of their contests . On Friday , he combined with LeBron James and Kevin Love for 65 of Cleveland 's 106 points , while Channing Frye posted a 13 - point , 7 - rebound double - double . Kent Bazemore led the way with 25 points , seven rebounds and three assists , while Channing Frye led the second unit with 13 points . The Cavs were led by Kevin Love 's 24 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . Paul Millsap and Paul Millsap posted a pair of 21 - point efforts , with the former adding an assist and five rebounds , while Howard provided two rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Channing Frye was productive in a reserve role as well with 13 points . The Cavaliers were led by Dennis Schroder 's 28 points , which he supplemented with six assists and two rebounds . Paul Millsap contributed 21 points , five boards , an assist and three blocks . Channing Frye was next with 13 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a block . Mike Muscala , who turned in a strong performance in Howard 's stead on Wednesday , was productive off the bench , totaling 10 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a block . Irving paced the Cavaliers with 29 points , four assists , a rebound and a block . Millsap followed with a 21 - point , 5 - assist double - double that also featured five rebounds and a block . Channing Frye was next with a bench - leading 13 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a block . Channing Frye led the bench with 13 points , seven rebounds and an assist . The Cavaliers remain on the road and head to the Big Apple to tangle with the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday afternoon , while the Cavaliers head to Milwaukee for a Saturday night showdown with the Bucks .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 121 - 102 , at Palace of Auburn Hills on Tuesday . In a battle between two middling Eastern Conference teams , the Pistons were able to prevail , thanks to a big fourth quarter . Detroit outscored Los Angeles 32 - 32 in the fourth quarter to take an eight - point lead . The Pistons went just 7 - of - 31 from three - point range and shot 53 percent from the field . Detroit did most of their damage in the first half , as they led 53 - 25 , headed into the locker room . Three-point shooting was decisive as well , with Detroit going 19 - of - 21 , with Los Angeles hitting just 13 - of - 32 from long range . The Lakers ( 18 - 37 ) have struggled on the road all season and a matchup against Detroit is the last thing they wanted to see . Jon Leuer was the only starter in the absence , as he scored a team - high 20 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting . Tobias Harris recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 19 points and 5 rebounds . Brandon Ingram was the only player of the game , as he accumulated 19 points , five rebounds and three assists off the bench . Ish Smith led the starters in scoring , totaling 10 points , four rebounds and seven assists . The Pistons ( 25 - 37 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . Andre Drummond did all he could for Los Angeles , as he led the team with 24 points , six rebounds and three assists . Lou Williams was second on the team , as he accrued 15 points , six rebounds and three assists off the bench . Ish Smith had a nice all - around game , accruing 10 points , eight rebounds , seven assists and two steals .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 112 - 100 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Clippers ( 40 - 26 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to right some of the ills that had plagued them over their previous seven games , a stretch in which they 'd suffered six defeats . The Clippers ( 23 - 42 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as LA forced the Sixers into an uncharacteristic 16 turnovers , which allowed them to keep pace with the Clippers ( 40 - 26 ) . The Sixers were led by Richaun Holmes 's 24 points , which he complemented with nine rebounds and a steal . Dario Saric was next with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , two assists , three steals and a block . J.J. Redick rounded out the first unit 's successful night with 28 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . T.J. McConnell was next with nine points , 10 assists , one rebound and two steals . T.J. McConnell filled out the stat sheet with nine points , 10 assists , two rebounds and two steals . Chris McConnell mustered 30 points but could dish out 10 assists , while JJ McConnell went scoreless in nine minutes . The 76ers were led by Richaun Holmes 's 24 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds and two assists . Dario Saric was next with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , two assists and one block . J.J. Redick contributed 30 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . T.J. McConnell supplied nine points , 10 assists , one rebound and two steals . The 76ers head back home to tangle with the Utah Jazz on Sunday afternoon , while the Sixers head to New York to take on the Knicks on Saturday evening .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 43 - 8 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 11 - 42 ) 106 - 102 on Sunday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . In a tight battle between two of the more experienced teams in the league , the Spurs were able to hold on in the fourth quarter to secure the five - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Spurs shot 44 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers finished at 40 percent from the floor and 33 percent from deep . This marked the fifth straight loss for the Lakers , as they look to improve their draft positioning for the 2015 NBA Draft . The Spurs got their biggest contribution from Jordan Clarkson , who went 9 - for - 14 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding six rebounds and three assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Spurs ' seven - game win streak . Leonard on the other hand finished with 20 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 12 - 15 FT ) , 13 rebounds and three blocked shots . It was his second straight game with 25 points , as he 's a combined 17 - of - 25 from the field over the last two games . Julius Randle had a double - double of his own , as he finished with 16 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and 16 rebounds . It was his first double - double of the season , and he 's now combined for 55 points and 30 rebounds in his last two games .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Toronto Raptors , 105 - 96 , at Air Canada Centre on Wednesday evening . The Wizards ( 36 - 23 ) have had difficulty finding any measure of consistency overall , with one notable exception - - their performance at home . Washington had managed a 22 - 11 record at Bankers Life Fieldhouse heading into Wednesday , and the trend of superior play in their familiar digs held true once again versus the Raptors ( 36 - 25 ) . DeMar DeRozan led the way with 27 points , which he supplemented with a pair of rebounds and a block . He shot 7 - of - 20 from the field , led by 1 - of - 6 from three - point range . Serge Ibaka and Serge Ibaka followed with a pair of 13 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds and five assists , and the latter hauling in eight boards , five assists and a steal . Marcin Gortat contributed a 12 - point , 8 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . Cory Joseph provided 11 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block . Marcin Valanciunas mustered a modest 12 points but did haul in 11 boards . DeMarre Carroll and Otto Porter , Jr. produced matching seven - point efforts , while Jonas Valanciunas supplied seven points and 11 boards . John Wall led the way for the Wizards with a 12 - point , 13 - assist double - double that also included four rebounds and a steal . Markieff Morris also accomplished the feat , registering 13 points and eight rebounds . Cory Joseph led the second unit with 11 points , four assists , four rebounds and a block . The Raptors continue their trek through the Northeast with a trip to the Philadelphia 76ers on Wednesday night , while the Wizards visit the Boston Celtics on Friday evening as well .
The Boston Celtics ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 1 ) by a score of 121 - 105 on Wednesday at the TD Garden in Brooklyn . The Celtics got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Celtics 32 - 23 in the first quarter alone . The Celtics were the superior shooters , going 56 percent from the field and 36 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets went 49 percent from the floor and just 37 percent from beyond the arc . The Celtics were able to force the Nets into 30 turnovers , while only committing 12 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . This win marks a league - leading eigth straight victory for the Celtics . Deron Williams led the way for the Nets , recording 19 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 7 - 7 FT ) , eight assists and two steals in 39 minutes . Surprisingly it was his first double - double since the end of January , but he 's still been scoring at a high rate lately , averaging 16 points over his last four games . Jeff Green chipped in with 17 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 7 - 9 FT ) and six rebounds as well . Doing his best to keep the Nets in this game was Deron Williams , who went 6 - for - 16 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while adding three rebounds , eight assists and two steals . It marked his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . With Serge Ibaka sitting out with a knee injury , Jared Sullinger got the start at point guard and posted an efficient 13 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) in 28 minutes . The Celtics ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday , while the Nets will travel to Philadelphia to play the 76ers on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 123 - 114 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Raptors ( 18 - 7 ) came in to Wednesday hoping to extend their recent stellar run in rather comfortable fashion against what would have seemed like an overmatched Sixers squad . However , Philadelphia ( 6 - 19 ) came ready to defend their home court , and rolled out Joel Embiid and Jahlil Okafor together as starters for the first time this season . While both big men played relatively well , it was Robert Covington who exploded for a season - high 26 points , which he complemented with 12 rebounds and two assists . However , the dynamic duo of Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan put on their usual impressive show for the Raptors , helping them overcome one of the Sixers ' stronger offensive performances to date on the season . Philadelphia actually outpaced their visitors from the field by a 50 percent to 47 percent margin , and saw four of the five members of their first unit hit double digits in the scoring column . DeRozan led the way for Philadelphia with 31 points , five boards and three assists . Lowry was next with 20 points , seven assists and four rebounds . Jonas Valanciunas contributed a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also featured an assist , two steals and a block . DeMarre Carroll supplied 10 points , three boards , an assist and a steal , while Terrence Ross and Cory Joseph tallied a pair of 13 - point efforts to lead the bench . Okafor was second behind Covington with 17 points , four rebounds , three assists and a pair of blocks . Sergio Rodriguez and Gerald Henderson put forth a pair of 16 - point efforts , with the former adding five assists and a rebound and the latter also posting two assists and a steal . Embiid had a quiet night by his standards , registering nine points , six rebounds , five assists , two blocks and a steal . Cory Joseph led the bench with 13 points , seven assists , five rebounds and a steal . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again Sunday to face the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Orlando Magic 93 - 89 at BMO Harris Bradley Center on Saturday . In a battle between two defensive - minded teams , the Milwaukee offense played as well as they have all season . The Bucks actually held the Magic to 42 percent shooting from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was a huge difference as well , with Milwaukee winning that battle , 37 - 17 . The Bucks also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists , while committing three less turnovers . The Bucks ( 6 - 7 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Giannis Antetokounmpo continued his great form , as he tallied 21 points , 11 rebounds and 10 assists . Serge Ibaka was second among starters , finishing with 21 points and nine rebounds . Bismack Biyombo got the start and collected 13 points and 10 rebounds . Evan Fournier was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 18 points , five rebounds and two assists . Elfrid Payton , Matthew Green and Jeff Green each scored 11 points a piece off the bench . Milwaukee is off until Monday , when they host the Brooklyn Nets for their next game . The Bucks ( 6 - 7 ) got some great efforts from their stud players , but fell just short when it mattered the most . Giannis Antetokounmpo did n't let up though , as he scored a game - high 21 points , while adding 11 rebounds and three assists to his tally . Serge Ibaka was second on the team , as he totaled 21 points and nine rebounds off the bench . Nikola Biyombo recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 10 rebounds . On deck for Milwaukee is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 110 - 94 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday . Indiana got out to a hot start early and they never looked back after that . In fact , the Pacers led by 16 after the first quarter , as they never relinquished the lead from there . Defense was key for Indiana , as they held Charlotte to 33 percent from the field and 39 percent from three - point range . The Pacers also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 42 - 19 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 35 . The Pacers ( 14 - 11 ) have now won three - straight games , as they appear to be out of the slump that ailed them just last week . Nicolas Batum picked up the slack , as he led the team with 13 points and five rebounds . Nicolas Batum was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 13 points , 10 rebounds and three assists . Indiana will look to build off this win in a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday . The Hornets ( 14 - 11 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Paul George continued his good form , as he tallied 22 points , five rebounds and three assists . Myles Turner was second on the team , finishing with 22 points and seven rebounds . Jeff Teague started at point guard and provided 16 points , five rebounds and 11 assists .
The Orlando Magic ( 19 - 13 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 9 - 23 ) 100 - 93 on Wednesday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . The Magic got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Magic did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 35 percent compared to the Nets , who went 15 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Magic did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Nets into 12 turnovers , while committing just 16 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . Brook Lopez had a big game , finishing with 24 points ( 7 - 18 FG , 10 - 12 FT ) , 15 rebounds and three steals . It marked his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 20 points and 17 rebounds . The only other Net in double figures was Tobias Harris , who finished with 12 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) . The Nets ' next game will be at home against the Toronto Raptors on Friday , while the Nets will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Friday . The Magic will go on the road to Toronto to take on the Raptors on Wednesday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 12 - 5 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 13 - 3 ) 106 - 102 on Tuesday at the Air Canada Centre in Toronto . The Raptors were able to win their fifth straight game on Monday , as they slipped away with a four - point victory over the Raptors . Despite out - rebounding Toronto 37 - 37 , the Raptors were forced into 17 turnovers , which may have been the difference in this one . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Kyle Lowry and Monta Ellis . Ellis finished with 30 points ( 12 - 25 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and six assists , while Lowry had 25 points ( 9 - 22 FG , 3 - 10 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and seven rebounds . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday . The Raptors will go on the road to Toronto to play the Raptors on Wednesday , in what will be the second game of a four - game road trip for the Mavericks . Dallas will return to action on Monday in a road matchup against the Brooklyn Nets . The Mavericks 's next game is on Friday in the second half of a back - to - back against the Brooklyn Nets . The Mavericks ' next game is on the road Saturday against the New York Knicks as a matchup with the Spurs .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 41 - 24 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 61 ) 100 - 93 on Monday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . The Mavericks got off to a quick start Wednesday , out - scoring the Lakers 25 - 24 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Mavericks also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 49 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 46 percent from the floor and a meager 14 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Mavericks also secured a 33 - 47 rebounding advantage . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Monta Ellis and Monta Ellis . Ellis went 12 - for - 22 from the field and 5 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 31 points , while also adding three assists . He 's now combined for 67 points over his last two games , as he continues to be the team scoring leader . Carlos Boozer was the other starter in double figures , finishing with 17 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and eight rebounds . It was a season - high in points for him and a nice surprise as he 's averaging only 9 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a double - double , Dirk Nowitzki finished with 15 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt ) and four rebounds . It was his first time reaching double - digit points in his last nine games , while the double - double was his first since the end of January . The Lakers ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 5 - 3 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 1 - 8 ) 93 - 80 on Sunday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . Despite being down 51 - 46 at halftime , the Spurs came out strong in the third quarter and out - scored the Lakers 59 - 31 to finish the second half and steal the victory on the road . The Spurs shot 41 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers shot only 37 percent from the floor and a meager 17 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Spurs also secured a 44 - 46 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Spurs were led by the duo of Carlos Boozer and Jeremy Lin . Boozer went 8 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also grabbing eight rebounds . It was a season - high in points for Boozer and a nice surprise for the Spurs , as he 's averaging just 6 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a triple - double , Kobe Leonard finished with 11 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , five rebounds and two steals . It was the first time he failed to reach double figures in points since December fifth , although he made up for it with a new season - high in rebounds . Jordan Hill added 10 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and three rebounds as well . The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 90 - 85 , at Air Canada Centre on Wednesday evening . The game came down to starkly contrasting third and fourth quarters , with the Raptors ( 33 - 24 ) catching fire at the right time and making a memorable comeback for the victory . Toronto got things off on the right foot , building a 31 - 20 lead after one quarter . However , the Hornets ( 24 - 32 ) put together a stellar defensive effort over the middle periods , limiting their hosts to just 27 points in the second and third quarters combined , while scoring 34 themselves in the third quarter alone . That surge gave them a seemingly dominant 75 - 58 edge heading into the final period , but the light went on for the Raptors at that point . They turned the tables on their visitors by limiting Charlotte to just 10 points in the fourth quarter and putting up 32 themselves , allowing them to escape with an improbable home victory and snap a three - game skid . The Raptors were led by a spectacular 27 - point tally from Frank Kaminsky , which he supplemented with five rebounds , three assists , one steal and one block . Kyle Lowry followed with 21 points , six assists , six rebounds and one steal . Powell had a near double - double with 17 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and one steal . Jonas Valanciunas supplied 10 points , 10 boards and one assist . Delon Wright led the bench with 11 points , two assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . Marvin Williams had a modest game by his standards , posting six points , nine rebounds , one assist , two steals and two blocks . Jonas Valanciunas generated a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and one steal . Delon Powell led the bench with 11 points , two assists , one rebound , two steals and one block . The Hornets resume post - All - Star - break play when they visit the Detroit Pistons on Thursday , February 23rd , while the Raptors kick off the second half by doing battle with the Boston Celtics at home on Friday evening , February 24th .
The New York Knicks ( 4 - 10 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 13 ) 91 - 83 on Wednesday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . This was a battle of current Eastern Conference bottom feeders , as both teams came in looking for their first victory of the 2014 - 10 season . In a sloppy game , both teams committed over 18 turnovers , but the Knicks were able to secure a cross - conference road victory . The Knicks were the superior shooters in this game , going 50 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the 76ers went 40 percent from the floor and just 31 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Knicks also secured a 40 - 36 rebounding advantage . The Knicks were led by Carmelo Anthony , who went 10 - for - 20 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , while also adding seven rebounds and two blocked shots . It was his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 15 points and 20 rebounds . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Robert Covington , who scored 14 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 4 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 14 minutes off the bench . The Knicks ' next game will be at home against the New York Knicks on Wednesday , while the 76ers will be at home against the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 5 - 4 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 3 - 4 ) 102 - 91 on Wednesday at the TD Garden in Boston . The Pacers were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics went just 42 percent from the floor and 17 percent from beyond the arc . The Pacers were able to force the Celtics into 17 turnovers , while committing only 10 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Pacers were led by Paul George , who nearly recorded a triple - double with 26 points ( 10 - 22 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , 10 rebounds and three assists . He 's really struggled with his shot of late , averaging 22 points over his last five games , while shooting over 17 percent from the field during that stretch . Evan Turner had a strong showing as well , going 9 - for - 13 from the floor and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 20 points . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 13 assists over those two games . Jared Mahinmi chipped in with 11 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt ) and 11 rebounds , while David Lee scored 13 points ( 4 - 5 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) as well . The Celtics ' next game will be on the road against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday , while the Celtics will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 27 - 22 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 35 ) 91 - 79 on Monday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . The Mavericks got off to a quick start , out - scoring the Nets 25 - 18 in the first quarter , while grabbing a 65 - 57 lead by half . They came into the third quarter playing just as well and were able to use that momentum to coast to the 12 - point victory on the road in Brooklyn . The Mavericks were the superior shooters in this game , going 46 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets went just 36 percent from the floor and 20 percent from beyond the arc . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Brook Lopez and Chandler Parsons . Lopez finished with 28 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 8 - 11 FT ) , 12 rebounds and two steals , while Parsons had 19 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt ) , 10 rebounds and three assists . Nowitzki has been on an absolute tear of late , posting four double - doubles in a row , while averaging 13 points and 12 rebounds over that span . It marked his second double - double over his last three games . Chandler Parsons did n't have his best game from the field , as he went only 8 - for - 4 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to finish with eight points . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Nets will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings ( 10 - 15 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 12 - 14 ) 107 - 97 on Friday . James Harden has been working his way back from a surgically - repaired knee , but has seen his minutes slowly increase . He scored a season - high 33 points in Sacramento 's blowout loss to the Suns on Thursday . The Rockets were up by as many as 17 in the fourth quarter but the Rockets battled back to make it a two - point game with 2:56 to go . Both teams went scoreless from then until J.J Collison hit a three pointer to tie the game at 92 with six seconds left in regulation . Harden finished the game with 33 points , six assists and seven rebounds . His speciality is getting to the free throw line , but he went just 9 - for - 18 from the field and 9 - for - 12 from the free - throw line . James Harden had a monster game , as he finished with 33 points , seven rebounds and six assists on 10 - for - 18 shooting in 36 minutes . Omri Casspi was the only other Houston player to score in double figures , scoring 10 points on 3 - of - 10 shooting in 33 minutes . Up next , the Kings will stay at home Wednesday to take on the Kings , while the Rockets will head home Friday and go up against the Warriors , while the Rockets will travel to Los Angeles Friday to take on the red - hot Mavericks .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 14 - 9 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 6 - 18 ) 97 - 88 on Friday . Cleveland has won four straight games , and in their last three games , they 've scored at least 118 points . Their offense is firing on all cylinders , and coach David Blatt is using unconventional lineups to get the work done . He 's regularly used LeBron James as the point guard . While James has always facilitated the offense , he has n't spent a lot of time at point guard , and using a 13 - 4 forward there is creating devastating matchup problems for the Cavaliers ' opponents . Walker scored 24 points and grabbed ten rebounds in 35 minutes on the floor . Kemba Walker scored a game - high 24 points against the Cavaliers . Kyrie Irving shot 6 - for - 14 from the field and finished with 16 points and four assists in 40 minutes . Charlotte has lost three straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Hornets will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Hornets have the right guys to build a winning team around . Kemba Walker paced the Hornets with 24 points , five rebounds and five assists in 35 minutes . Cleveland has now won three straight games and are solidly positioned in the second seed in the East . LeBron James was dominant again with 27 points , seven rebounds , and 14 assists . Kemba Walker left the game with a sprained ankle and did not return . The Hornets will return to action Saturday against the Magic .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the visiting LA Clippers , 105 - 97 , to take a 18 lead in the Western Conference first - round playoffs Wednesday at AT & T Center . The Spurs continued their home - court dominance , holding the Clippers to 97 points on 44 percent shooting . The Clippers got off to a hot start , but they held a 31 - 18 lead after the first quarter and never looked back . San Antonio was led by Blake Griffin , who scored 29 points on 9 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with nine rebounds and five assists in 38 minutes . Leonard was not far behind , however , as he finished with 21 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting , while Paul Paul added 17 points , six rebounds and five assists in 33 minutes . Chris Paul struggled mightily , scoring only six points on 6 - of - 9 shooting , but he did add five rebounds , five assists and two steals . Patty Mills contributed 14 points on 5 - of - 10 shooting , including 2 - of - 7 from three - point range . The Clippers ( 35 - 23 ) shot 44 percent from the field and out - rebounded the Clippers 51 - 36 , but they were able to overcome their deficiencies on the boards to grab the win . The Spurs begin a three - game road trip Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers . The Spurs have three days off before they host the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 102 - 100 , at Golden 1 Center on Monday . The two clubs nearly matched each other point for point in the first half , with the Kings ( 14 - 17 ) holding a slim 51 - 47 edge at halftime . However , the Sixers ( 7 - 23 ) stormed out of intermission to take the third quarter by a 30 - 19 margin , leaving them with a seven - point lead heading into the final period . Sacramento then turned the tables in the fourth , and DeMarcus Cousins made sure the visitors did n't prevail . First , the mercurial big man sunk a 26 - foot three - point jumper with 20 seconds left to give the Kings a 99 - 97 lead . He subsequently netted one of two free throws with five seconds remaining to extend the advantage to three , and then stuffed a 25 - foot shot attempt by the Sixers ' Joel Embiid with three ticks on the clock . Embiid managed to get his hands on the ball again in time to hoist a 28 - footer a second later , but the home team was assured the win when that shot failed to find the net . Despite the failed heroics , Philadelphia 's emerging big man did pace them with 25 points , eight rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks . Sergio Rodriguez followed with 18 points , five assists , three rebounds and a trio of steals . The remaining three members of the first unit failed to hit double digits in the scoring column , however , as Jahlil Okafor ( six points , two rebounds , two assists and a steal ) , Gerald Henderson ( six points , two rebounds and an assist ) and Robert Covington ( five points , six rebounds , an assist , two steals and two blocks ) under - performed on offense . However , the scoring void was partly made up by two big men off the bench , as Ersan Ilyasova and Dario Saric went for 17 and 12 points , respectively . Cousins led the way for the home squad with 30 points , seven rebounds , five assists , three steals and two blocks . Rudy Gay went for a near double - double with 17 points , nine boards , two assists and a block . Ty Lawson compiled 12 points off the bench , a total he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists and two steals . Darren Collison produced nine points , four assists , a rebound and a steal , but Ben McLemore and Kosta Koufos could only supply a combined 10 points . The Sixers next visit the Utah Jazz on Thursday evening , while the Kings travel to Portland to face off with the Blazers on Wednesday night .
The Toronto Raptors ( 20 - 13 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 14 - 16 ) 94 - 91 on Friday . DeMar DeRozan has progressively improved since returning from the fractured kneecap he suffered in last season 's Finals versus the Warriors . He 's increased his playing time over the seven games he 's played to date , and had gotten up to almost a full allotment , 35 minutes , in the first game since his return from injury . Dudley pitched in with 20 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 6 - 5 3Pt ) and two rebounds over 36 minutes . John Wall also posted a double - double , tallying 19 points ( 8 - 23 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , with 7 assists , seven rebounds , five steals and one block . The Raptors ' all - star center posted 19 points ( 8 - 23 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) with seven rebounds , 11 assists , five steals and one block in 41 minutes . Terrence Ross had 14 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt ) and six rebounds in 29 minutes . Kyle Lowry was limited to 11 points ( 2 - 12 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt ) , three rebounds , six assists and two steals in 35 minutes . John Wall was the only starter to score more than five points , with Kyle Lowry leading the way with 19 points ( 8 - 23 FG ) , along with 11 assists and seven rebounds . Otto Porter chipped in 20 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , nine rebounds and two assists , in 36 minutes off the bench . The Raptors shot 34 percent from the field and 36 percent from long range , as they cruised to victory . DeMar DeRozan was the high - point man for Washington , with 34 , ( 9 - 24 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 15 - 15 FT ) . John Wall followed up his double - double with 19 points ( 8 - 23 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , 11 assists , seven rebounds and five steals , in 41 minutes . Jared Dudley chipped in 17 points ( 6 - 10 FG ) , along with three rebounds , three assists and three steals , in 36 minutes off the bench . Jameer Scola was the only other player to score in double digits for the Wizards , as he finished with 17 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 3 FT ) , along with three rebounds and three assists . Kyle Lowry was one of his only bright spots , as he finished with 11 points ( 2 - 12 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , three rebounds and six assists , in 35 minutes . DeMar DeRozan showed up well against the Raptors , as he poured in 34 points ( 9 - 24 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 15 - 15 FT ) , along with six rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks , in 38 minutes . Kyle Lowry had 11 points ( 2 - 12 FG , 2 - 8 3Pt ) , three rebounds and six assists
The Washington Wizards defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 109 - 106 , at Verizon Center on Saturday . The Wizards were expected to win this game rather easily and they took care of business after the first quarter . Washington actually led for the first 56 minutes , as they held a double - digit lead for the final 28 minutes . Shooting was key , with the Wizards shooting 52 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . The Hornets could only muster up 51 percent shooting from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Washington winning that battle , 41 - 33 . The Hornets also recorded 27 assists , while the Hornets could only muster up 24 . The Hornets ( 14 - 12 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . John Wall was the player of the game , as he tallied 25 points , 6 rebounds and 10 assists on 9 - of - 19 shooting . Bradley Beal was n't far behind , totaling 20 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Marcin Gortat was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and 14 rebounds . Cody Zeller was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 10 points , five rebounds and two assists . Marco Belinelli led the bench in scoring , dropping 16 points on 6 - of - 10 shooting .
The Sacramento Kings ( 28 - 53 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 21 - 60 ) 102 - 92 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Sacramento . The Kings got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Lakers 24 - 24 in the first quarter alone . The Kings were the superior shooters , going 49 percent from the field and 25 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 42 percent from the floor and just 27 percent from beyond the arc . The Kings were also able to force the Lakers into 19 turnovers , while only committing 10 of their own . The Kings were led by the duo of Omri Casspi and Jordan Clarkson . Clarkson went 10 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 23 points , while also adding five rebounds and six assists . He was able to get to the free throw line 13 times , converting on a perfect 1 - of - 13 . Jabari Brown had 11 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 6 - 2 FT ) and five assists , while Thompson had 10 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and 10 rebounds . The Kings ' next game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Lakers will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Friday .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Detroit Pistons , 117 - 95 , at Palace of Auburn Hills on Tuesday . The Bulls ( 34 - 38 ) came into Saturday 's contest trying to keep the pressure on eighth - seeded Denver , which they could come within one game of catching with a win against the Pistons ( 34 - 38 ) . Chicago 's Big Three of Nikola Mirotic and Jimmy Butler combined for 50 points on 16 - of - 27 shooting from the field , and Chicago was able to hold the Pistons to a paltry 35 percent success rate from the field and 48 percent from three - point range . They also suffocated the Pistons ' long - range attack , limiting them to a 35 percent success rate from the field , and 48 percent from three - point range . Nikola Mirotic led the way for the Bulls with a game - high 28 points , along with five rebounds , two assists and one steal . Joffrey Lauvergne matched Mirotic ' scoring total while leading the bench and added seven rebounds , three assists and one steal . Marcus Morris registered 14 points , three boards and one assist . Andre Drummond posted a modest eight points but hauled in 17 rebounds and dished out one block . Bobby Portis led the bench with 12 points , three boards and one block . The Pistons were paced by Nikola Mirotic , who posted a 28 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , three steals and one block . Joffrey Lauvergne matched Lauvergne 's scoring total and added seven rebounds and two assists . Jon Leuer led the bench with 13 points , six rebounds and one assist . Ish Smith turned in a full stat line of 9 points , four rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Andre Drummond posted a modest eight points but did haul in 17 rebounds and dish out one assist . The two teams now head back to the Nation 's Capital for the second game of the home - and - home series , which unfolds on Friday night .
The Oklahoma City Magic defeated the host Oklahoma City Thunder , 119 - 117 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Friday . This was a game that was expected to be close throughout and these elite teams did n't disappoint in this overtime thriller . In fact , there were 10 ties and 21 lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 12 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , as Orlando recorded 24 assists to nine turnovers , while Oklahoma City committed 10 turnovers to just 22 assists . Three-point shooting was a big factor as well , with the Thunder going 9 - of - 35 , while the Thunder went 9 - of - 24 . Oklahoma City also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 42 - 42 . Russell Westbrook added another triple - double to his tally , accumulating 41 points , 12 rebounds and 16 assists . Evan Fournier was the Thunder 's best player , accruing 21 points , two rebounds and five assists . Steven Adams totaled 13 points and 10 rebounds . Enes Kanter was huge off the bench , providing 16 points and eight rebounds . Enes Kanter led the bench with 16 points and eight rebounds . Oklahoma City will return to action on Saturday , when they host the Dallas Mavericks for their next game . The Thunder ( 6 - 4 ) got some great efforts from their stud players , but fell just short when it mattered the most . Russell Westbrook carried the load , as he tallied 41 points , 12 rebounds and 16 assists on 14 - of - 21 shooting . Evan Fournier was second on the team , as he accrued 21 points , two rebounds and five assists . Steven Adams totaled 13 points and 10 rebounds . D.J . Augustin led the team in scoring , dropping 21 points off the bench .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Phoenix Suns , 115 - 108 , at Target Center on Tuesday . In a battle between two teams looking to vie for the eight - seed in the west , Minnesota prevailed with a big win . They took care of busines from start to finish , as the T'Wolves led for over 45 minutes of this game . Defense carried Minnesota , as they held Phoenix to 45 percent shooting and forced them to commit 17 turnovers . Minnesota also dominated in the paint , winning the rebounding battle , 41 - 33 , and outscoring the Suns in the paint , 68 - 39 . Karl-Anthony Towns did all he could to keep the Suns hanging around , as he tallied 28 points , 15 rebounds and two blocks in the defeat . Andrew Wiggins was n't far behind , providing 26 points and two assists . Karl-Anthony Towns was the player of the game , as he accumulated 28 points , 15 rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 18 shooting . Zach LaVine finished with 23 points , four rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks of his own . Gorgui Dieng amassed 10 points and 9 rebounds en route to a double - double . On deck for Minnesota is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday . The Timberwolves ( 8 - 19 ) came into this game tied for the worst record in the west , so this win is a mixed result . Zach LaVine led Minnesota with 23 points , four rebounds and three assists , while Zach LaVine finished second on the team with 23 points , four rebounds and three assists . Ricky Rubio accumulated eight points , three rebounds and 12 assists as the starting point guard . Phoenix will host the Toronto Raptors on Saturday for their next game .
The Miami Heat ( 7 - 4 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 4 - 9 ) 116 - 109 on Tuesday at Sleep Train Arena in Sacramento . The Heat were able to use a strong second - half where they out - scored the Kings 53 - 29 to seal the victory in front of their home crowd . The Heat shot 47 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings shot 51 percent from the field and only 52 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Heat forced the Kings into 18 turnovers , while committing just seven of their own . The Heat were lead by Chris Bosh and Chris Bosh . Bosh had a very impressive night , going 8 - for - 12 from the field to score 23 points , while also adding 11 rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Heat ' seven - game win streak . Wade on the other hand finished with 24 points ( 10 - 23 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , five rebounds and six assists . It was his second straight night with 24 points , as he 's a combined 27 - of - 35 from the field over the last two games . Rajon Rondo had solid showing Tuesday , going 6 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 14 points , while also adding two assists . He shot a combined 6 - for - 13 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Amar'e Stoudemire chipped in with 10 points ( 4 - 5 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and one rebound over just 8 minutes . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday , while the Kings will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 20 - 51 ) defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers ( 51 - 21 ) 104 - 95 on Wednesday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . The Nets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nets 26 - 23 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Nets used their three - point shooting to grab an advantage , going 36 percent from deep , while the Cavaliers went just 26 percent from the floor . The Nets were also able to force the Cavaliers into 22 turnovers , while only committing nine of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Nets were led by their starting backcourt of LeBron James and Brook Lopez . James went 13 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 30 points , while also adding six rebounds and five assists . He 's now combined for 70 points over his last two games , as he continues to be one of the hottest teams in the league . Coming off the bench , Shane Larkin added 16 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and seven assists . For the Cavaliers , the frontcourt duo of LeBron James and Brook Lopez were the most production for the Cavaliers . Lopez finished with 22 points ( 8 - 25 FG , 6 - 8 FT ) , seven rebounds and two blocked shots , while Love recorded 11 points ( 5 - 14 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and seven rebounds . The Nets ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Cavaliers will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
Gordon Hayward poured in a season - high 25 points on efficient 9 - of - 17 shooting , to go along with nine rebounds , six assists and one steal , in 34 minutes . George Hill followed up with 17 points , while shooting 0 - of - 4 from long range , to go along with three rebounds and three assists , in 31 minutes . George Hill was the only other player to score in double digits for the Jazz , as he finished with 17 points , to go along with four rebounds and three assists , as well . Aron Baynes chipped in 12 points and 12 rebounds , in 23 minutes off the bench . Meanwhile , six players scored in double digits for the Pistons , led by George Hill , who finished with 17 points , along with three assists and four rebounds . George Hill chipped in 17 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , along with three assists and four rebounds , in 28 minutes . The Jazz will look to keep it going as they play host to the Nets on Monday . Meanwhile , the Pistons ( 33 - 35 ) struggled from the field , shooting only 42 percent . Detroit was led by Gordon Hayward , who finished with 25 points , six assists and nine rebounds , in 34 minutes . Ish Smith followed up with 16 points , while Rudy Gobert added 12 points , nine rebounds and four assists . The Jazz shot 47 percent from the field and 23 percent from long range , en route to their 14th victory on the road .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Denver Nuggets , 123 - 113 , at Verizon Center on Monday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Wizards led for over 45 minutes of this game , as they never looked close to relinquishing the lead . Defense carried the T'Wolves , as they held the Nuggets to 53 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . Washington also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists than Denver , while committing five less turnovers . The Wizards ( 39 - 24 ) had a tough task here against a hot Wizards team , as they simply did n't have enough in the arsenal to win this game . Gary Harris led the way in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , two rebounds and four assists . Mason Plumlee was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 11 points and 15 rebounds . Markieff Morris amassed 11 points , six rebounds and two assists . Jamal Murray was the only bench player with more than four points , as he dropped 17 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting off the bench . Marcin Gortat recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 15 rebounds . The Nuggets will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Charlotte Hornets . The Nuggets ( 29 - 35 ) have been dominant at home this season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . John Wall was the player of the game , as he collected 30 points , three rebounds , 10 assists and three steals on 12 - of - 19 shooting . Wilson Chandler finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals . Marcin Gortat amassed 11 points and 15 rebounds en route to a double - double . The Nuggets will be in Denver on Saturday for their next game .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 24 - 33 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 39 - 22 ) 104 - 94 on Thursday . The form of these two teams would have indicated a different result , but the Nets put in a great effort to pick up a needed road win . Defense was key , as the Nets held the Mavericks to 43 percent shooting and the aforementioned turnover total . Shooting was bad all - around for the team , as they went 52 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . The assist - to - turnover ratios were a huge difference in this game , as the Nets recorded 20 assists and 12 turnovers , while the Mavericks committed 12 turnovers to their 20 assists . The Nets have been playing competitively lately , but this was not one of those games . This sort of performance exemplifies which directions these two franchises are going right now and Dallas is in a lot of trouble right now . The starters amassed just 54 points in this game and that simply wo n't get it done in the NBA . One bright spot is the strong play of Thaddeus Young though , as he tallied 16 points and eight rebounds in yet another great performance . Jarrett Jack has been really solid this season , but he committed seven turnovers here in one of his worst games of the years thus far . This team is downright bad right now and it 's hard to see a sliver lining with not much upside on this roster . They 'll look to rebound on Sunday when they take on the Atlanta Hawks in their next scheduled game .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 114 - 105 , at Air Canada Centre on Tuesday . Throughout his first seven seasons , DeMar DeRozan had managed two performances of over 30 points . In what has already proven to be a stellar 2016 - 12 campaign , the All-Star shooting guard has already accomplished the feat on three occasions , with Tuesday night being one of those . DeRozan led all scorers with 31 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists and two steals . The effort included a 11 - of - 19 tally from the field , and even a rather rare three - pointer on two attempts from beyond the arc . Toronto ( 38 - 18 ) was hot collectively from long range , and it proved to be the difference in the game . Both teams equaled the others ' solid 48 percent success rate from the field , yet the Raptors managed to drain their 19 three - point attempts at a 39 percent clip . The Timberwolves ( 18 - 40 ) , meanwhile , noticeably lagged behind with a 89 percent figure . Kyle Lowry led the way with 21 points , six assists and three rebounds . Karl-Anthony Towns contributed a 16 - point , 6 - rebound double - double that also included a block and a steal . Jonas Valanciunas went for 14 points , seven rebounds and an assist . Ricky Rubio turned in a 12 - point , 13 - assist double - double that also included three rebounds and two steals . Ricky Rubio pitched in with 12 points , 13 assists , three rebounds and two steals . The Timberwolves remain in the Lone Star State to do battle with the San Antonio Spurs on Friday evening , while the Raptors travel to the Nation 's Capital to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Monday night as well .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 32 - 32 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 28 - 37 ) 121 - 84 on Wednesday at the Amway Center in Orlando . The Trail Blazers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Magic 79 - 45 in the first half alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game , going 56 percent from the field and 49 percent from the three - point line , while the Magic went just 37 percent from the floor and a meager 27 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Trail Blazers also secured a 51 - 39 rebounding advantage . The Trail Blazers had four players reach the 17 - point mark . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Victor Oladipo and CJ McCollum . Lillard shot 6 - for - 11 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding three assists . He struggled to only four points on Sunday , so it was good to see him get back on track . Evan Fournier also did his best to keep the Magic close . He finished with 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and four rebounds in 26 minutes . He 's now averaging 15 points and 8 rebounds on the year . The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Wednesday , while the Magic will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 33 - 12 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 25 - 22 ) 114 - 106 on Saturday night . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Detroit , as they shot 48 percent from the field and 30 percent from three - point range . The fourth quarter is where the Cavaliers really turned it on , as they outscored the Pistons 18 to 28 . The Pistons actually dominated the rebounding , as they brought down 39 boards to the Pistons 39 . Detroit came into this game as double - digit underdogs and nearly escaped with an impressive win . They were trailing big , but fought back to make it a two - point game with 11 seconds left . They couldn’t quite pull it off , but it was a great effort all - around . Detroit was led by Kyrie Irving who accumulated 28 points , four rebounds and two assists in the loss . Andre Drummond also had a good game , as he collected 20 points , eight rebounds and three blocks in the defeat . The bench also played well , as Tristan Thompson and Stanley Johnson combined for 31 points , 9 rebounds and 25 assists off the bench . The Cavaliers will look to keep up this good form against the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday . This is a downright bad loss for the Pistons and they continue to fall deeper and deeper out of the playoffs . Kyrie Irving led the team with 28 points , while also providing four rebounds and two assists . No other player scored more than 11 , with Tristan Thompson tallying 11 points and 14 rebounds . Cleveland 's next game comes on Tuesday , when they take on the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 109 - 99 , at Verizon Center on Monday . The Wizards ( 24 - 20 ) knew they 'd have to hit on all cylinders to insure that they could keep pace with John Wall and Kemba Walker , who combined for 72 points on the night . The hosts benefited from a balanced effort from their first unit , as all five players , and two reserves , hit double digits in the scoring column . The offensive proficiency led to a 54 percent success rate from the field , and their defense managed to elicit 8 turnovers from the Hornets . Markieff Morris and Otto Porter , Jr. combined for another 40 points , while Marcin Gortat supplied eight points and seven rebounds . Nicolas Batum ( four points ) and Nicolas Batum ( four points ) rounded out the first unit 's solid night . Bradley Beal ( 21 points ) and Marvin Williams ( 13 points ) were the other two Hornets starters , with double - digit scoring , while Michael Kidd-Gilchrist ( eight points ) and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist ( eight points ) were productive in reserve roles as well . The Hornets were led by Markieff Morris , who supplied 23 points , eight rebounds and two assists . Bradley Beal supplied 18 points , four assists , five rebounds and a steal . Marvin Williams posted a 13 - point , 8 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , three steals and a block . Marvin Williams matched Williams ' point total and added nine boards , two assists , two steals and a block . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist rounded out the starting five 's productive afternoon with 8 points , eight rebounds , four assists , two steals and two blocks . The Wizards remain on the road and head to the Lone Star State to do battle with the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night , while the Wizards remain home and await the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening as well .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 112 - 86 , at Verizon Center on Monday . The Wizards ( 26 - 20 ) knew they 'd have to hit on all cylinders to insure that they could keep pace with John Wall and Bradley Beal , who combined for 48 of the team 86 points . In contrast , the Wizards outscored the Hawks , 19 - 18 , in the fourth quarter to post their third consecutive win . Wall led the way for the Wizards with 19 points , nine assists and six rebounds . Beal was next with 15 points , four assists , one rebound and one steal . Marcin Gortat posted a 15 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , two steals and two blocks . Dwight Howard supplied a 12 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , two steals and a block . Dennis Schroder supplied nine points , five assists and one rebound . Tim Hardaway , Jr. paced the Hawks with 21 points , two rebounds , 0 assists and two blocks . John Wall followed with a trademark double - double , posting 19 points , nine rebounds , nine assists and two blocks . Markieff Morris came just a rebound short of a double - double himself with 15 points , nine rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block . Marcin Gortat turned in a customary stat line of 15 points , 11 boards , two assists , three steals and two blocks . Markieff Morris collected 15 points , nine boards , one assist , two steals and one block . Marcin Howard posted a 12 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included one assist . Tim Hardaway , Jr. led the bench with 12 points , two assists , four rebounds and one steal . The Hawks head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night , while the Hawks head to the Lone Star State to do battle with the Mavericks on Friday evening as well .
The Toronto Raptors ( 14 - 9 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 18 - 5 ) 97 - 94 on Friday . Toronto has won three straight games and are defining themselves as a contender to win the Eastern Conference this season . DeMar DeRozan led the way with a game - high 28 points in 37 minutes . Kyle Lowry played a season - high 37 minutes , illustrating that he appears to be healthy enough to continue playing going forward . Toronto shot 58 percent from the field and 28 percent from beyond the arc , while also giving up 24 easy points on 17 turnovers , pointing to their greatest weakness Saturday and the primary reason for their loss . Spencer Hawes missed his ninth straight game with a bone bruise in his knee , and while some reports suggest he 's close to returning , if George Hill 's bone bruise in his knee was any clue , Hawes could miss considerably more time . Hill , of the Indiana Pacers , missed nearly two months with the injury after initially being projected to just miss in the preseason . The Raptors performed well Wednesday , finishing with 13 points and 7 rebounds . The Raptors have two days off before going on the road to play the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday . San Antonio has lost two straight , and with Al Jefferson ( groin ) expected to miss at least the next four weeks , it 's getting hard to find reasons to think the Spurs could climb back into the playoff conversation this season . DeMarre Carroll was held out of the second half this season with a wrist injury and performed well , finishing with 10 points and four rebounds in 30 minutes . The Raptors will return home to host the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 4 - 2 ) routed the Charlotte Hornets ( 2 - 4 ) , 114 - 94 , on Saturday night . This was a mismatch on paper and that ended up being the case on Saturday . The Spurs dominated in nearly every category , as they recorded more rebounds , assists , blocks and steals than the Sixers . It was a relatively clean game played all - around though , as there were only 27 combined turnovers between both teams . It was a much closer game than expected and the credit has to go to this winless Sixers team to put in a strong effort night - after - night despite losing every single game . Luckily for Charlotte , this will be the only time they 'll have to face the Spurs in San Antonio this season . This was probably the best performance from the Hornets all year , despite in a losing effort . They not only shot better than the Spurs , but nearly split the turnover battle ( 15 - 12 ) . They were led once again by their guards , Kawhi Leonard and Kawhi Walker . Leonard totaled 23 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals in the win , while Leonard totaled 23 points and two assists of his own . LaMarcus Aldridge had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 16 points and five rebounds in the defeat . The only other player in double figures was Patty Mills , who dropped 15 points off the bench . Up next for the Hornets is a date with the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 23 - 22 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 7 - 37 ) 92 - 84 on Monday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . This marked a big win for the Thunder , as they passed up the New Orleans Pelicans for the eighth and final projected seed in the Western Conference standings . The Pelicans are just a half game behind them though , with the Suns trailing by just three games as well , so it 'll remain a fight for the last seed all the way until the end of the regular season in the West . The Thunder , on the other hand , are currently in the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference standings . They 're even with the Indiana Pacers , but hold the tie breaker , so they remain ahead of them for now . The Thunder are also just a game behind the Miami Heat for the seventh spot . With both Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka out due to injury , Russell Westbrook continued to put on a show . He did n't have the best night shooting the ball ( 7 - 22 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt ) , but he still finished with 18 points , as he was able to get to the free throw line at a high rate . In the two games since returning from the All-Star break , he 's combined for 22 points , nine rebounds and eight assists . The only other Timberwolve to reach double figures in points was Zach LaVine , who scored 11 points to go along with five rebounds . The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Chicago Bulls on Thursday , while the Timberwolves will travel to San Antonio to play the Spurs on Friday .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Phoenix Suns , 111 - 106 , at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday . These are two of the hottest teams in the Western Conference right now and New Orleans showed that their season is still alive with this crucial win . It was a tale of two halves , as Phoenix took a seven - point lead into the locker room , while New Orleans responded by winning the second half , 61 - 49 . Rebounding was key for the Pelicans , as they won that battle , 48 - 49 . Anthony Davis did his best , leading the team with 34 points , nine rebounds and four steals . Jrue Holiday finished second on the team with 14 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Eric Bledsoe carried the load for Phoenix , as he tallied 30 points , 10 rebounds , seven assists and three steals . TJ Warren amassed 20 points and 4 rebounds . Tyson Chandler was the only other starter to play well , as he totaled 11 points and 13 rebounds . T.J. Warren led the team in scoring , as he dropped 20 points on 9 - of - 12 shooting . The Pelicans ( 20 - 32 ) have now won five of their last six games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Jrue Holiday was the player of the game , as he accumulated 30 points , 10 rebounds and seven assists on 11 - of - 22 shooting . Jrue Warren finished second on the team , accruing 30 points , four rebounds and three assists . Tyson Chandler totaled 11 points and 13 rebounds .
James Harden 's numbers have been off the chart , as the point guard for the Houston Rockets has dropped multiple 15 - plus assist games this season , and added another one against the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday . The impressive box score effort also played a major role in rallying his team to a difficult victory . While Tony Parker ( knee ) was sidelined for another game , Harden did see a lot of Marquese Harrell , as he stepped up in his absence . Harden finished with 24 points , six rebounds , four assists , three steals and one block on 9 - of - 20 shooting . The all star forward made his debut in the starting lineup and finished with 11 points , seven rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 11 shooting across 27 minutes . This was Harden 's first game since Dec. 30 that he failed to record a double - double , and it was the first time since Jan. 100 where he failed to record at least nine rebounds . For Harden , it was the first time in 148 games that Harden failed to reach the free - throw line . The team finished shooting over 43 percent from the field and a poor 15 percent from behind the arc . Up next , the Rockets will stay at home Thursday to take on the Kings , while the Suns will look to get back on the right track against the Warriors on Saturday . The Suns , on the other hand , will look to build upon the blowout of the Suns .
The New York Knicks defeated the Boston Celtics , 117 - 106 , at TD Garden on Wednesday . The Celtics were expected to win this game easily against a shorthanded Celtics team , but they were dominated in this shocking result . The rebounding was the glaring difference , with New York winning that battle , 57 - 33 . The bench production was a major part of that , with the Knicks bench outrebounding the Celtics bench , 35 - 8 . Shooting was also decisive , with the Knicks shooting 51 percent from the field , while the Celtics failed to crack 39 percent shooting . The Knicks ( 19 - 24 ) had to play this game without Kristaps Porzingis and Joakim Noah , but prevailed with an impressive road win . Derrick Rose had a vintage performance , tallying 30 points , 10 rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks . Willy Hernangomez was huge off the bench , providing 17 points and 11 rebounds . Courtney Lee collected nine points , eight rebounds and seven assists off the bench as well . Mindaugas Kuzminskas got the start for Porzingis and accrued 17 points and six rebounds . New York will play again on Thursday against the Washington Wizards . The Celtics ( 26 - 16 ) had won 13 of 16 games headed into this matchup , but this was simply a game where they did n't have it . Isaiah Thomas kept Boston hanging around , as he dropped a game - high 39 points , while adding three rebounds and two assists . Al Horford did hand out 10 assists and grab seven boards , but he scored just five points on 2 - of - 14 from the field . Jae Crowder was second on the team , dropping 21 points and five rebounds . Boston will be off until Wednesday when they host the Portland Trail Blazers for their next game .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 11 - 7 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 9 - 8 ) 116 - 101 on Sunday . In a battle of two defensively strong teams , there was some efficient offense and great shooting on Sunday . The two teams combined to shoot 50 percent from the field and the game was close all evening long . The win for Atlanta cracked a three - game losing streak , while the loss for Atlanta continued a poor stretch in which they have lost three of their last four . The Grizzlies got a great performance from Jeff Teague though , as he tallied 20 points , seven assists , two rebounds and one steal in the win . They also got a nice performance from Vince Carter , who totaled 14 points and five rebounds in the loss . They also got some nice contributions off the bench , as all five players off the bench had at least five points and two rebounds . It 's a rough time in Memphis right now , but they have to look at performances like these as victories and take them with a grain of salt . They 'll look to build off this loss when they host the Dallas Mavericks on Monday . Coach Greg Popovich is probably not very happy with this performance , but he 'll take the win . The Hawks take on the New Orleans Pelicans on Wednesday in their next game . Keep in mind that that matchup will be the second half of a back - to - back and some starters may be rested after this overtime loss .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Los Angeles Lakers 107 - 101 at Staples Center on Monday . The Jazz ( 13 - 9 ) edged out a close victory down the stretch after the Lakers ( 10 - 13 ) found life late in the second half . The see - saw third and fourth quarters saw scoring runs in favor of Utah in the third , while the Lakers bounced back in the fourth behind Lou William 's streaky scoring bursts and Julius Randle 's explosiveness under the rim . Williams dropped in a two point shot to close the Jazz lead to three point with 3:26 remaining in the final period , but Rodney Hoot responded for Utah with a 25 - foot three pointer . The Lakers only managed two points over a three minute stretch , while Utah closed out the game . Williams finished with 38 points , six rebounds and seven assists on 13 - of - 27 shooting to lead all scorers in his 34 minutes off the bench . Worth noting was the Lakers starting lineup , which consisted of Brandon Ingram , Luol Deng , Metta World Peace , Julius Randle and Timofey Mozgov . Head coach Luke Walton was experimental with the lineup , and it seemed to funnel the Jazz into more isolation style basketball , which was the game plan as discussed in the post - game press conference . All five Utah starters finished in double figures scoring , led by Gordon Hayward and his 23 points . Rudy Gobert finished with 14 points , 17 rebounds and five blocks in 39 minutes . Next up , the Jazz play the second game of a back - to - back when they host Phoenix Suns on Tuesday , while the Lakers travel to the Houston Rockets on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Toronto Raptors , 102 - 96 , at American Airlines Arena on Monday . The length of the Raptors ( 0 - 1 ) caused some issues early on for the Heat ( 1 - 0 ) , but the Heat pushed through it and turned to their big man Hassan Valanciunas on both ends of the court to finish the job at home . It was only the third win of the season for Miami , but the starters rounded out the scoring sheet , as only Kyle Lowry finished in double figures with 22 points , four rebounds and two assists . Wade led all scorers with 26 points , to go along with six rebounds , four assists and three steals on 10 - of - 21 shooting . DeMar DeRozan added 22 points , four rebounds and four assists on 9 - of - 22 shooting in 37 minutes . Jonas Whiteside added a double - double in 39 minutes off the bench , with nine points and 17 rebounds . Kyle Lowry struggled shooting , going just 3 - of - 13 from the field and finished with just seven points , but played for the majority of the game after the first half . Kyle Lowry was limited to just seven points on 3 - of - 13 shooting , in 43 minutes . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , with 9 points and 17 rebounds in 39 minutes . Terrence Ross chipped in 19 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , while Joe Johnson added 16 points and seven rebounds off the bench . The Raptors were without Emmanuel Mudiay ( ankle ) , who is likely out for one more week . Toronto was led by Dwyane Wade , who scored a game high 24 points on 10 - of - 21 shooting , to go along with four rebounds and four assists , to go along with three rebounds and three assists . DeMar DeRozan added 22 points of his own , which he added six rebounds and four assists . Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Raptors host the Boston Celtics , while the Heat host the Detroit Pistons .
Klay Thompson has become an x - factor for this Warriors team , as while his up - and - down start to the regular season has n't really had a huge impact on the team 's overall performance , when he 's hitting his shots , the team is nearly unbeatable . As of late , Thompson 's shot has really come together , as he has now , after Monday 's 43 - point performance , led the team in scoring in two of their last three games . They 've also won those games by a combined 53 points . The Suns , on the other hand , are going in a much different direction , as they are now 7 - 16 on the season . It 's been due in large part to their lack of bench production , as they currently rank in the bottom 7 of the NBA . The return of Mirza Teletovic , who has been averaging over 50 points with his scoring per game , which is not a testament to many things for this Warriors team . Bledsoe flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 6 points , two rebounds , seven assists and five blocks in the win . Stephen Curry also continued his recent run of success , as he finished with 25 points and seven assists , while Stephen Curry amassed 25 points , seven assists and two steals in the win . T.J. Warren gave the team a nice spark off the bench , as he scored 6 points . The Warriors will continue their road trip on Saturday against the Phoenix Suns on Thursday .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Denver Nuggets , 109 - 108 , at Pepsi Center on Friday . The exciting back - and - forth affair fittingly came down to the final seconds , and the Hawks ' Paul Millsap played a pivotal role in the win . He drained two free throws with six ticks left that gave Atlanta ( 15 - 15 ) a 109 - 108 lead , and his defensive rebound at the buzzer off a Wilson Chandler miss put the finishing touches on the win . Neither team shot exceedingly well , but the Hawks took better care of the ball than the Nuggets ( 12 - 17 ) , who commited 15 turnovers . Dennis Schroder led the way for Atlanta with 27 points , six rebounds , five assists and a steal . Millsap went for 20 points , eight rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . Thabo Sefolosha was next with a full stat line of 12 points , four rebounds , three assists , four steals and a block . Kris Humphries drew the start in place of Dwight Howard and managed 10 points , eight boards , two assists and a block . Mike Muscala paced the second unit with 13 points , three boards , two assists and a block . Danilo Gallinari was the top scorer on the Nuggets with 21 points , and he added 11 rebounds , two two assists and a block . Chandler followed with a 19 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a steal . Emmanuel Mudiay provided 17 points , five assists and three rebounds , while Gary Harris supplied 12 points . Will Barton matched his scoring total and added five assists , four rebounds and a block . The Hawks travel to Minnesota for a Monday evening date with the Timberwolves , while the Nuggets head west to tangle with the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday night as well .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 14 - 27 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 13 - 30 ) 114 - 99 on Monday night . There wasn’t a whole lot to decipher these two teams on the stat sheet , as nearly every statistic was tight . Both teams hovered around 47 percent shooting in a surprisingly offensive game . The key for Portal was the bench production , as they got 47 bench points to the Timberwolves 31 . New Orleans looked dead and buried late in the fourth quarter , but made a tip - in with less than a second left to send this one into overtime . Anthony Davis was the star of the game , as he scored a game - high 35 points and snatched down seven rebounds . Most people wondered how a veteran team like this would perform this season , but they are simply slowing games down and winning with stingy defense . That 's a recipe for a deep playoff run and the Pelicans have the players with the experience to guide them there . It 's good the veteran starters got to rest late in this game , as they play the second half of a back - to - back on Monday against the Indiana Pacers . This was a disappointing result for a team who has been a disappointment all season . After breaking out last year , they appear to be regressing in a much deeper Eastern Conference . Blowout losses like this at home are a bad sign for future endeavors and one has to wonder if their rub last year was a fluke . They have now lost three of their last four games with the offense really struggling . No player scored more than 15 points and the only notable line was a double - double from Karl-Anthony Towns . It doesn’t get much easier for Minnesota , as they have to take on the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday in their next scheduled game .
The New York Knicks ( 30 - 43 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 36 - 35 ) 106 - 94 on Sunday at the United Center in Chicago . After suffering a tough 99 - 92 loss in game number one on Monday , the Knicks were able to bounce back with a convincing 11 - point victory in game two . The Knicks got off to a really strong start , out - scoring the Bulls 31 - 27 right away in the first quarter . The Knicks were able to out - score the Bulls 26 - 29 in the third quarter , allowing them to pull off the victory in front of their home crowd . The Knicks were the superior shooters in this one , going 51 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Bulls went 42 percent from the floor and just 24 percent from beyond the arc . The Knicks were also able to force the Bulls into 8 turnovers , while committing only 17 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Knicks were led by Derrick Rose , who went 13 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to finish with 30 points , while also adding two assists and two steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Knicks ' seven - game win streak . Butler on the other hand went 7 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding three rebounds and three assists . He 's had two solid showings in a row , combining for 35 points , 19 rebounds and four steals over that span . Jimmy Butler had a strong showing as well , finishing with 19 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , three rebounds and three assists . He 's put together two impressive games in a row , as he just went off for 29 points and five assists against the Sixers on Sunday . Jose Calderon was the only other Celtic to score in double figures , finishing with 12 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and seven rebounds . The Knicks ' next game will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday , while the Bulls will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Chicago Bulls , 102 - 91 , at Palace of Auburn Hills on Monday . Despite Detroit leading for the majority of the first quarter , this was one of the most dominating wins for Detroit all year . The second quarter was the difference in the game , with Detroit outscoring Chicago , 20 - 19 . Efficiency was the key for the Pistons , as they shot 46 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range , while the Bulls shot just 44 percent from the field and 13 percent from long range . Rebounding was a huge factor for Detroit , winning that battle , 44 - 45 . The Pistons ( 11 - 10 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Jimmy Butler continued his great form , as he accumulated 32 points , six rebounds and four assists . Dwyane Wade was second on the team , finishing with 19 points , three rebounds and eight assists . Andre Drummond totaled 15 points , 10 rebounds , two steals and three blocks . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only other starter with more than 12 , as he tallied 19 points , three rebounds and eight assists . More importantly , those three players combined to go 31 - of - 51 from the field . Detroit will return to action on Tuesday in a home matchup against the Indiana Pacers . The Bulls ( 11 - 10 ) have been unlucky in terms of results this season and a win over the Bulls shows just how good they can be . Tobias Harris led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points on 9 - of - 16 shooting . Dwyane Wade was second on the team , as he accrued 19 points , three rebounds and eight assists . Rajon Rondo flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 10 points , three rebounds and eight assists . Jimmy Butler led the team in scoring , as he accumulated 32 points , six rebounds and four assists . Andre Drummond was a force down low , accruing 15 points , 10 rebounds and four blocks .
The Phoenix Suns ( 8 - 5 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 12 ) 122 - 96 on Monday at the US Airways Center in Phoenix . In a winning effort , the Suns finished the game shooting 51 percent from the field and 42 percent from beyond the arc . In the end , the Sixers shot 46 percent from the field and 17 percent from the three - point line , while the Sixers finished at 46 percent from the floor and 17 percent from deep . The Suns also forced the 76ers into 17 turnovers , while committing only 13 of their own . The Suns were led by Isaiah Thomas , who went 6 - for - 9 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also adding eight assists and three steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Suns ' seven - game win streak . Carter-Williams on the other hand went 6 - for - 18 from the field and 0 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding six assists . He 's been on a roll over his last two games , shooting a combined 20 - for - 23 from the field and 4 - for - 10 from the three - point line over his last two games . He 's now averaging 18 points and 6 rebounds on the season . Michael Dragic nearly had a triple - double with 18 points ( 11 - 18 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 6 - 11 FT ) , six rebounds and six assists . It marked his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 23 points and 12 rebounds over those two games . Coming off the bench , rookie Marcus Morris had 11 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) and four assists off the bench . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Sixers will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Miami Heat , 112 - 104 , at TD Garden on Wednesday . Boston were expected to win this game easily and they left yes doubt with this lopsided result . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Celtics , as they led by 12 after the first quarter and by 29 headed into halftime . The assist - to - turnover ratio was key , as the Celtics recorded five more assists than the Heat , while committing five less turnovers . The Celtics ( 10 - 7 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Goran Dragic continued his fantastic form , as he led the team with 27 points , two assists and two steals on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Avery Bradley was second on the team , scoring 18 points , adding six rebounds and two assists on 8 - of - 16 shooting . Tyler Zeller was the star of the game , as he accumulated 17 points , four rebounds , three assists and two steals off the bench . Marcus Smart was the only other Heat player in double figures , accumulating 12 points , two rebounds and four assists . On deck for Miami is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Wednesday . The Heat ( 10 - 7 ) have been dominant at home this season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . Goran Dragic did all he could for Miami , as he led the team with 27 points , two rebounds and two assists . Isaiah Thomas was n't far behind , as he accrued 25 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Jae Crowder finished second on the team , totaling 17 points and four rebounds , while Kelly Olynyk provided 14 points , six rebounds and four assists .
The Miami Heat defeated the Golden State Warriors 105 - 102 Monday at AmericanAirlines Arena . After Kevin Durant tied the game at 102 with just over 10 seconds left in the fourth quarter , Dion Waiters held the ball at the top of the key while the clock ticked down . With a little over two seconds on the clock , Waiters launched a shot from behind the arc . The shot hit nothing but net and the Heat pulled off one of the biggest upset victories in the NBA this season . Waiters was not only the hero , but he was also the star , as he finished with a game - high 33 points on 13 - of - 20 shooting from the field and 6 - of - 8 from 3 - point land in 33 minutes . As a team , the Heat were scorching from behind the arc , hitting a ridiculous 43 percent of their shots from long range in the winning effort . The win gives Miami their fourth straight victory as they were perfect over their four - game home stand . Meanwhile , the loss ends the Warriors ' ( 38 - 7 ) seven - game win streak , as it ended up being too little too late in the closing moments for the NBA 's top team . Durant led the way in the scoring column , finishing with 27 points on 12 - of - 23 shooting from the field , but he did shoot just 1 - of - 8 from behind the arc . Additionally , Steph Curry almost put together a triple - double , as he recorded 21 points , 10 rebounds and eight assists in 37 minutes . Klay Thompson added 22 of his own , but JaVale McGee 's 10 points made him the fourth and final Warriors to score in double figures . Up next , the Heat will look to continue their winning ways in Brooklyn on Wednesday , while the Warriors will look to return to form against the Hornets on Wednesday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 16 - 46 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 27 - 34 ) 102 - 84 on Friday . The Suns came in to the game looking to continue piling up victories and potentially improve their playoff seeding . With three remaining games after Friday versus the two teams ahead and behind them in the conference - - - the Hawks , Heat and Hornets - - Phoenix knew it needed to keep winning to have a chance to maximize its first round matchup . They were able to erase an 10 - point first - half deficit , and take a six - point lead into intermission that they never surrendered . Phoenix was led by Elfrid Payton , who tallied a game - high 19 points , and added 15 rebounds , four assists , two blocks and a steal . Elfrid Payton tallied a double - double with his third consecutive double - digit scoring effort , putting up 19 points , 11 assists , two rebounds and three steals . Tyson Chandler was right behind him with a 15 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included a pair of blocks . Tyson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , 12 rebounds , three blocks , a steal and a block . Ronnie Price paced the reserves with 14 points , four rebounds , an assist and a block . Orlando remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and is currently four games behind the eighth - seeded Chicago Bulls . They head home for a showdown with the Golden State Warriors on Thursday . The Magic were spearheaded by a pair of 19 - point efforts from their backcourt duo of Alex Len and Alex Len . The former added 15 rebounds and three steals , while the latter dished out a career - high 11 assists . He also added two rebounds and three steals . Ronnie Price was next with 14 points , five rebounds , four assists , five steals and a block . Tyson Chandler rounded out a productive night for the starting five with a 10 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included a steal . The Magic remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're home again Sunday for a showdown with the Miami Heat .
The Houston Rockets defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers , 115 - 88 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . Turnover have plagued these two teams all season and 45 combined turnovers in this game shows just that . The third quarter was the difference for Houston , as they outscored Philadelphia , 28 - 20 . Rebounding was also decisive , with Houston winning that battle , 55 - 39 . The Rockets also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Philadelphia , while committing six less turnovers . The Rockets ( 6 - 4 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . James Harden continued his ridiculous form , as he tallied 33 points , seven rebounds , nine assists and two steals . James Harden was just as good , accumulating 33 points , seven rebounds and nine assists of his own . Trevor Ariza was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points and eight rebounds . Dario Saric finished with 17 points , eight rebounds , two assists , three steals and three blocks . Ersan Ilyasova led the bench with 13 points and six rebounds . The Rockets will be off until Wednesday , when they host the Washington Wizards for their next game . The 76ers ( 1 - 9 ) continue to disappoint and falling apart in the third quarter has become all too common of a trend . They were being outscored by eight points a game in the third coming into this matchup and a 17 - point third quarter deficit Tuesday only worsens those numbers . James Harden led the team , as he tallied 33 points and seven rebounds . Joel Ariza was second on the team , as he totaled 13 points and four rebounds in the loss . Dario Saric was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 11 points and 10 rebounds . Nene Hilario went just 6 - of - 8 from the field , but finished with 13 points , six rebounds and one steal . Philadelphia will look to play better on Wednesday in a road matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 19 - 14 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 10 - 24 ) 91 - 87 on Friday . Cleveland has won three straight games , and in their last three games , they 've scored at least 118 points . Their offense is firing on all cylinders , and coach David Blatt is using unconventional lineups to get the work done . He 's regularly used Kevin Love on the floor . Love put up 27 points and five rebounds in 38 minutes . Kevin Miller put up a game - high 27 points in 38 minutes . Cleveland has won three straight games without Al Jefferson ( groin ) and Lance Stephenson ( pelvis ) . Kevin Love put together a nice performance , recording 14 points and 14 rebounds in 43 minutes . Dion Waiters played well off the bench , putting up 17 points in 34 minutes . The Cavaliers suffered their second home loss this postseason and shot 29 percent from the floor in the second half , culminating in a 23 - point fourth quarter . Thompson finished the game with 23 points and 0 three - pointers in 38 minutes . Kevin Love dominated from the floor , as he contributed 27 points , five rebounds , one block , one block and three three - pointers in 38 minutes . Bismack Biyombo was the only other Cleveland player to score in double figures , recording 14 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting and nine rebounds in 29 minutes . The Cavaliers rest their three - game road trip Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Utah Jazz ( 10 - 10 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 10 - 13 ) Monday 107 - 81 at Vivint Smart Home Arena in Salt Lake City . The Jazz maintained control of the game from the very start , opening up a 20 - point lead at the end of the first quarter and never looking back . They were led by Gordon Hayward’s game - high 24 points , and the small forward has now recorded at least 27 points in three straight games . Derrick Favors was also effective , recording 20 points and eight rebounds in 28 minutes . Trey Burke scored 15 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting in 23 minutes off the bench , but Alec Burks ( 10 ) was the only other Nugget to score in double figures . Up next , the Jazz will head home Thursday to take on the Timberwolves , while the Knicks will stay at home to go up against the Kings on Wednesday , while the Knicks will head to Los Angeles to go up against the Clippers on Wednesday . The Knicks will look to end their losing streak against the Orlando Magic , as they will go on the road to Miami to take on the Heat in a Monday night contest . Utah ( 10 - 10 ) was led by Derrick Favors , who scored 20 points on an efficient 8 - of - 13 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from three - point range , to go along with eight rebounds , four assists , and two blocks . The only other player to score in double figures for the Jazz was Sasha Burke , who led the team in scoring with 10 points off the bench .
Win or lose , Anthony Davis has been posting historic numbers left and right this season . On Tuesday , that translated into 43 points and 10 rebounds en route to a shattering blowout of the visiting New Orleans Pelicans . The game marked Davis 's third 43 - point outing in just 16 this season , a league - high . It was also Davis 's eighth double - double of the season . Davis has now scored 43 or more points in three of his last four comments , only failing to do so in a blowout in which he sat due to a minor injury . Thanks in large part to Davis 's 61 percent shooting from the field , the game was too much for the Pelicans to overcome . The Pelicans will visit the Timberwolves on Friday , while the Hawks will see the Lakers on Friday . The Pelicans ( 0 - 4 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Anthony Davis continued his great form , as he accumulated 43 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and four steals in the win . Eric Teague flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated four points , nine rebounds and 22 assists . Atlanta will look to build off this win on Wednesday against the Minnesota Timberwolves . This type of win shows just how good the Pelicans can be and this may be their worst loss of the season . Anthony Davis did n't have his best shooting performance , as he went 1 - of - 11 from the field , but did dish out 11 assists . Al Horford did all he could to keep New Orleans hanging around , as he accumulated 22 points , seven rebounds and five assists in the defeat . Jeff Teague recorded a double - double , totaling 19 points and seven assists . New Orleans will look to keep up this form against the Boston Celtics on Monday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 109 - 84 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . The Jazz ( 5 - 3 ) braced themselves for an offensive void when they lost Gordon Hayward to a finger injury in preseason , as he was slated to miss a minimum of six weeks . However , the standout forward beat the recovery timetable by at least two weeks , starting at the three on Sunday for Utah . He looked as if he had n't missed a beat , rattling off a team - high 20 points , along with seven rebounds . While he only found the net on six of his 17 field - goal attempts , he impressively drained all 2 of those attempts from the free - throw line . His effort spearheaded a highly productive day for the Jazz offense that saw all five members of the first unit hit double - digit scoring and Utah produce a collective 51 percent success rate from the field . Gordon Hayward , who 's helped pick up a good bit of the offensive slack in Hill 's absence , was once again led by Hayward 's 20 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , five assists and a steal . Derrick Favors was next with 16 points , 14 rebounds , an assist and a steal . Joel Embiid and Robert Covington followed with matching 14 - point efforts , with the former adding eight rebounds , an assist , three blocks and a steal , and the latter supplying eight boards , an assist and a block . Ersan Ilyasova was productive off the bench as well , totaling 10 points , three rebounds and two assists . Philadelphia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again Sunday for a date with the Houston Rockets .
Russell Westbrook 's sixth triple - double spearheaded the win . The perennial All-Star was only 8 - of - 22 from the floor but managed 17 points , 15 assists , 13 rebounds , a steal and a block . Victor Oladipo had a team - high 18 points , while Steven Adams had a near double - double with 16 points and nine boards . The second unit provided some valuable support , led by Anthony Morrow 's 21 points . Enes Kanter contributed 12 points , and the bench tallied 48 points overall . Tobias Harris spearheaded Detroit with 21 points , four rebounds , while Ish Smith chimed in with 14 of his own . A trio of 10 - point efforts from Marcus Morris , Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Andre Drummond rounded out the starting five 's night . Andre Leuer led the bench with 10 points , but the Pistons were historically bad from beyond the arc , going just 1 - of - 19 ( 5 percent ) . Marcus Caldwell-Pope paced the reserves with 10 points , two rebounds and a pair of assists . Oklahoma City remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are 4 games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Monday night . Westbrook paced the Thunder with a game - high 17 points , while he posted a 17 - point , 15 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds and a steal . Steven Adams posted a near double - double with 16 points and eight boards , while Marcus Morris went for 10 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Pistons remain on the road and head to Memphis to take on the Grizzlies on Sunday night , while the Thunder tangle with the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday evening as well .
Win or lose , Anthony Davis has been posting historic numbers left and right this season . On Tuesday , that translated into 38 points and nine rebounds en route to a shattering blowout of the visiting Portland Trail Blazers . The game marked Davis 's third 38 - point game in just 16 this season , a league - high . It was also Davis 's eighth double - double of the season . Davis has now scored 38 or more points in three of his last four comments , only failing to do so in a blowout in which he sat due to a minor injury . Thanks in large part to Davis 's 64 percent shooting from the field , the Pelicans were able to hit over 55 percent of their shots from the field . However , the team committed 14 turnovers on the night , errors that made a difference in what was a tight game . Moreover , the team simply could not find an answer for Anthony Davis at the end of the game , as Davis scored just two points on 1 - of - 13 shooting . Both teams will play at home on Sunday , with the Trail Blazers visiting the Spurs and the Pelicans traveling to Detroit to take on the Trail Blazers . Both teams shot less than 25 percent from the field and they will look to get back on track on Thursday against the Houston Rockets . The Pelicans ( 7 - 7 ) came into this game tied for the worst record in the west , so this win is a mixed result . Damian Lillard was the star of the show , as he tallied 27 points , nine rebounds , six assists and two steals in the win . Jrue Holiday made his first appearance of the season , totaling 21 points and seven assists in 23 minutes off the bench .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 129 - 108 , at Verizon Center on Friday evening . The Nets ( 15 - 57 ) had come into Friday 's contest on somewhat of a hot streak by their standards , as they 'd notched six victories during March , and two in a row for the first time all season . However , despite a strong shooting night once again , Brooklyn was brought back down to earth by an even more proficient Wizards ( 44 - 28 ) squad . John Wall , who battled through a migraine , and Bradley Beal turned in their usual solid performances , and the Washington bench combined to score a whopping 70 points to spearhead the blowout win . The Nets were led by Justin Hamilton 's 20 points off the second unit , which he supplemented with six boards and two assists . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson paced the starting five with 19 points , seven rebounds , two assists and one steal . Jeremy Lin supplied 14 points , three assists , one rebound and one block . Isaiah Whitehead , Archie Goodwin and K.J . McDaniels all generated 10 - point efforts off the bench as well . Randy Foye tallied eight points , four rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block . Brook Lopez notably had a subpar effort with six points , seven rebounds and two assists . Wall led the Wizards with 22 points , nine assists , four rebounds and one steal . Beal poured in 19 points and added three assists , a rebound and a steal . No other member of the starting five managed double digits in the scoring column , although Marcin Gortat had a near double - double with eight points and nine rebounds . Justin Hamilton led the second unit with 10 points , two rebounds , one assist and one steal . The Nets resume post - All - Star - break play in Philadelphia against the Sixers on Friday , February 24th , while the Nets kick off the second half of their season on the same night at home against the Memphis Grizzlies .
Triple-doubles are becoming the norm for Russell Westbrook , who now has two through three games . Sunday 's 32 - point , 7 - rebound , eight - assist outing was the 39th triple - double of Westbrook 's career and his second straight . The Thunder point guard is now the first player ever to record 71 points , 23 rebounds , and 30 assists per game . On Friday , the Thunder were the beneficiaries of a cold Oklahoma City team , as the Knicks shot just 39 percent from the field and 11 - of - 21 from beyond the arc . Guard Amar'e Stoudemire came off the bench for 20 points and a team - high nine assists . As a team , the Thunder hit just 44 percent of its shots and 11 three - pointers . The Knicks , meanwhile , saw struggles from their own star . Russell Westbrook scored a game - high 32 points to go with seven rebounds and eight assists . Westbrook , meanwhile , shot 12 - of - 17 from the field and made 5 - of - 7 at the free - throw line . Poor shooting seemed to be a theme of the night for both sides , as the Knicks ' young stars struggled mightily on the offensive end . Reggie Jackson went just 3 - of - 8 from the field , including a pair of three - pointers , and forward Steven Adams led the team in scoring with 14 . The Thunder will host the Hornets on Tuesday , while the Thunder will host the Hawks .
Paul Millsap 's game - high 32 points , 11 rebounds , three assists and one block paced the second unit . LaMarcus Aldridge followed up with 27 points , which he complemented with 13 rebounds , two assists and three blocks . Tony Parker totaled 22 points , seven assists and three rebounds . Kyle Korver paced the starting five with 14 points , eight boards , four assists and one steal . Kawhi Leonard tallied a 13 - point , 4 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , a steal and a block . Pau Gasol totaled 18 points , nine rebounds , two assists , three blocks and one steal . Dennis Schroder tallied a 16 - point , 10 - assist double - double that also included one rebound and one block . Kawhi Leonard provided 13 points , four rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Manu Ginobili tallied 10 points , three assists , three rebounds and three steals . Manu Ginobili led the bench with 10 points , three assists , three rebounds and one steal . The Hawks head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night , while the Hawks remain home and await the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening as well , while the Hawks travel north of the border to tangle with the Toronto Raptors on Friday night . The Spurs also tangle with the Hawks at home on Thursday evening , while the Hawks visit the Kings on Wednesday evening as well , while the Hawks tangle with the Cavaliers in New York on Wednesday evening as well .
Youngsters were on display in this matchup of struggling teams and Andrew Wiggins shined the brightest . Wiggins finished the game with 31 points and nine rebounds on 11 - of - 17 shooting . He 's on quite the tear right now , as he has scored 111 points across his last three games . Andrew Wiggins played just 40 minutes in this loss , as he scored 31 points on 11 - of - 17 shooting . He also added nine rebounds and four assists in 40 minutes of action . Ty Lawson also had a nice game , as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds and seven assists in the defeat . Gorgui Dieng recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 15 points and 13 rebounds . On deck for Denver is a home matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday . The Nuggets ( 18 - 22 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Andrew Wiggins was the player of the game , as he tallied 31 points , nine rebounds , four assists and three blocks off the bench . Thaddeus Young finished with 22 points , six rebounds and five assists . Robbie Hummel recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , eight rebounds and one block in the defeat . The Nuggets will look to get out of this slide on Friday , when they host the New York Knicks for their next game . The Timberwolves ( 7 - 22 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . Andrew Wiggins was the player of the game , as he dropped 31 points and nine rebounds on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Ty Lawson finished second on the team , totaling 22 points , seven assists and two steals . Robbie Hummel amassed 12 points and eight rebounds on 4 - of - 8 shooting . The Nuggets will look to get out of this slide on Monday in a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers 113 - 94 Wednesday at Staples Center . After going through some real struggles following Chris Kyrie 's injury , the Cavaliers ( 15 - 5 ) now enter the All-Star break with plenty of momentum via a four - game winning streak , and Wednesday 's victory was the walk - in - the - park the team likely preferred to have before their week off . It ended up being a complete team effort , with 13 total players getting in the scoring column and five of them scoring at least nine points . Kyrie Irving led the way , scoring a team - high 23 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting from the field , which included hitting four shots from behind the arc . J.J. Redick was not far behind , scoring 23 points on 9 - of - 13 shooting in 27 minutes off the bench . It was the first time since late - November that the 44 - year - old Argentinian played 22 minutes in a single game and just the third time all season . More importantly , though , is the idea that when James is productive in his role off the bench , the Clippers are extremely hard to beat . In the two games where Griffin has scored at least 12 points , the Clippers are 4 - 1 . And they are n't just beating their opponents in those situations , they 're dominating them , as they won those five games by an average margin of 24 points , with their one loss coming by just three points .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 55 - 26 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 30 - 51 ) 110 - 103 on Monday at the Pepsi Center in Los Angeles . The Clippers got off to a quick start , out - scoring the Nuggets 31 - 31 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Clippers also used their superior shooting to help coast to the win . They went 45 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets finished at 38 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep . With the win , the Clippers remain a half game ahead of the streaking San Antonio Spurs for the fifth projected playoff seed in the West , while the Portland Trail Blazers still own a game lead over the Clippers for the fourth spot . The Clippers ' frontcourt was a huge factor in the win . Wilson Chandler went 12 - for - 23 from the field and 6 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 32 points , while also adding six rebounds . He 's combined for 59 points over his last two outings , as he 's been dialed in with his shot . Chris Paul was also a monster on the boards , recording 17 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) , seven rebounds and nine assists . He 's now averaging 11 points and 4 rebounds on the year . The only other Nugget to reach double figures in points was Matt Barnes , who posted 11 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 3 - 9 3Pt ) in 30 minutes . The Clippers ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Boston Celtics ( 16 - 13 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 15 - 13 ) 102 - 89 on Wednesday at TD Garden . Under coach Brad Stevens , the young Celtics have exceeded many preseason predictions to this point in the season . Boston holds the league 's second - best defensive rating , and currently remains tied with Atlanta for the third seed in the Eastern Conference . Wednesday 's win over Charlotte marked the third straight loss for the Celtics , who have now won four of their last five games . On the other hand , the Hornets are now just a half - game ahead of the sixth - place Grizzlies and one game ahead of the Thunder at the No . 5 spot . Nicolas Batum , meanwhile , was out with a bang , scoring 19 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting . His backcourt mate , Nicolas Batum , also struggled , scoring just four points on 4 - of - 12 shooting . He did , however , commit a team - high six turnovers . Boston ( 15 - 13 ) fell to 0 - 4 on its road trip with Monday 's loss . The team has struggled mightily after a strong 8 - 3 start to the season , and is now the coldest team in the NBA . Center Al Jefferson has been sidelined with multiple knee injuries and a drug suspension , which has not helped Charlotte 's weak play in the paint . Even in the face of a losing streak , Kemba Walker has maintained strong play . The point guard scored 18 points and dished out seven assists . As a team , Charlotte shot a stellar 42 percent from the field and hit 12 three - pointers .
The Orlando Magic ( 32 - 30 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 32 - 30 ) 105 - 105 on Sunday at the Amway Center in Phoenix . The Magic got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Suns did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 25 percent compared to the Sixers , who went 38 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Suns did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Suns into 19 turnovers , while committing just 19 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . Victor Oladipo was unstoppable this season , going 15 - for - 25 from the field and 4 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 38 points , while also adding four assists in 43 minutes . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 27 points and 15 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 20 points and 17 rebounds on the season . Nikola Vucevic came off the bench to score 18 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) , to go along with five rebounds and three steals . He 's had a nice stretch of three games , averaging 17 points and 8 rebounds over that span . Markieff Morris added 23 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and six rebounds , while Vucevic recorded 18 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , 5 rebounds and three steals . It marked his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 30 points and 32 rebounds over those two games . Coming off the bench , P.J . Tucker had 19 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and five rebounds . P.J . Tucker chipped in with 19 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and five rebounds as well . These two teams will play game three on Friday at the Barclays Center in Phoenix .
LeBron James and Kyrie Irving led the way for Cleveland with matching 27 - point efforts . Kevin Love had a near double - double with 16 points and nine rebounds , while Tristan Thompson supplied a 13 - point , 13 - rebound double - double . Kyle Korver led the second unit with 14 points . The Cavs were excellent on both ends of the floor , posting success rates of 55 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range , while limiting Denver to respective tallies of 40 and 34 . Nikola Jokic 's 27 - point , 13 - rebound double - double paced the Nuggets . Gary Harris was next with 16 points . Jamal Murray matched Harris ' scoring total to lead the bench . Wilson Chandle provided 13 points . Jameer Nelson supplied a full stat line of 12 points , eight rebounds , eight assists and two steals . Will Barton was productive as a reserve as well with 12 points . LeBron James 's 27 points led Denver , and Kevin Love posted a 16 - point , 9 - rebound double - double . Tristan Thompson contributed a near double - double of 13 points and nine rebounds . Will Barton was highly productive off the bench , registering 12 points , three rebounds and four assists . The Nuggets dropped to 24 - 30 and remain in fourth place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They 'll travel to Orlando to face off against the Magic on Saturday . Kyrie Irving 's game - high 27 points led the Nuggets , a total he supplemented with five assists , four rebounds and a steal . Nikola Jokic was next with a 16 - point , 13 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . Wilson Chandler filled out the stat sheet with 13 points , six rebounds , an assist and a block . Will Barton paced the Denver bench with 12 points , three rebounds , four assists and a steal . The Nuggets remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They take on the Toronto Raptors at home on Thursday night .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 118 - 88 , at Barclay 's Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . The second half is when Chicago really turned it on , as they outscored Brooklyn , 59 - 42 in that 24 - minute span . Prior to that , there were 10 lead changes and six ties , as it was close throughout the first half . Defense was key for the Bulls , as they held the Nets to 34 percent from the field and 16 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was a decisive statistic as well , with Chicago winning that battle , 58 - 45 . The Bulls also dominated the assist differential , recording 26 assists to Brooklyn 's 13 . The Nets ( 1 - 3 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Jimmy Butler continued his great form , as he accumulated 22 points , six rebounds and 2 assists . Nikola Mirotic was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 16 points and 10 rebounds . Taj Gibson went just 7 - of - 10 from the field to finish with 14 points and 11 rebounds . Bojan Bogdanovic led the starters in scoring , as he dropped 15 points on 5 - of - 11 shooting . On deck for Brooklyn is a home matchup against the Charlotte Hornets on Monday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 107 - 94 , at Smoothie King Center on Tuesday . These two teams came into this matchup tied for the most wins in NBA history and the Wizards were able to pull ahead of the Pelicans with this victory . The second quarter was the difference in the game , as Washington outscored New Orleans , 33 - 21 . Defense was also key for the Wizards , as they held the Pelicans to 45 percent from the field and 31 percent from three - point range . The Wizards also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 45 - 42 . The Wizards ( 19 - 29 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Anthony Davis carried the load , as he tallied 36 points , 17 rebounds and three steals on 15 - of - 25 shooting . John Wall was n't far behind , finishing with 18 points , four rebounds , 19 assists , two steals and two blocks . Marcin Gortat was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 17 points and 11 rebounds . Otto Porter was second on the team , providing 13 points , six rebounds and two steals . Buddy Hield was the only other starter with more than four points , as he dropped 0 points on 2 - of - 0 from three - point range . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 27 points , six rebounds and two assists on 11 - of - 16 shooting . Marcin Gortat recorded a double - double , totaling 17 points and 11 rebounds .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 3 - 0 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 0 - 3 ) 103 - 95 on Tuesday at the Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . Coming into this game , this was a matchup between the leaders of each respective conference . The Celtics were n't phased though , and dominated the Celtics in all aspects of the game . The Cavaliers shot better , going 45 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics finished at 44 percent from the floor and just 26 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , LeBron James backed those words up , as he finished with a game - high of 31 points ( 13 - 26 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with 11 rebounds , four assists and four steals . James did n't even hit a three - pointer , but he was still able to get to the hoop and score as he pleased . It was clear he planned on taking over from the start and if he can continue to have this type of impact , the Cavaliers should be very tough defeat , even without Kevin Love . Evan Bradley did all he could to keep the Celtics in this game . He went 8 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while also adding eight rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Cavaliers ' seven - game win streak . James on the other hand finished with 31 points ( 13 - 26 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , 11 rebounds and four assists . He 's now averaging 11 points and 5 rebounds on the year . The only other Hornet in double figures was Kyrie Irving , who chipped in with 13 points ( 3 - 11 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) and six assists . The Cavaliers ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Celtics will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Friday .
The Sacramento Kings defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 96 - 92 , at Sleep Train Arena on Monday . Memphis was expected to win this game easily and they left yes doubt with this lopsided result . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Kings , as they led by 11 after the first quarter and by 40 headed into halftime . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , as Sacramento recorded eight more assists than the Grizzlies , while committing five less turnovers . The Kings ( 10 - 16 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Grizzlies is just what they need to get going . Marc Gasol was the player of the game , as he scored a game - high 22 points on 7 - of - 20 shooting . Marc Gasol was huge , as he accumulated 20 points , five rebounds and four assists . Troy Daniels had one of his best games of the season , as he led the Kings with 17 points on 4 - of - 11 shooting off the bench . Zach Randolph was the only bench player in double figures , accruing 10 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Sacramento will look to build off this win in a home matchup against the Portland Trail Blazers on Saturday . The Grizzlies ( 18 - 16 ) played this game without Chandler Parsons and they clearly hurt their offense here . DeMarcus Cousins did all he could for Memphis , as he led the team with 20 points , five rebounds and two blocks . Garrett Temple was second on the team , tallying 17 points , six rebounds and four assists off the bench . Zach Randolph recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 16 points and 13 rebounds .
The Chicago Bulls ( 31 - 30 ) defeated the Golden State Warriors ( 50 - 11 ) 94 - 87 on Wednesday at the Air Canada Centre in Chicago . The Bulls got out to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Warriors 19 - 26 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Bulls also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 44 percent from the field and 26 percent from the three - point line , while the Warriors went 39 percent from the floor and a meager 20 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Bulls forced the Warriors into 15 turnovers , while committing just 15 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . The Bulls were led by Stephen Curry , who went 10 - for - 27 from the field and 2 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also adding six rebounds and five assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he continues to be the team scoring leader . Bobby Portis also had a double - double of his own with 17 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and 13 rebounds . He 's had a nice stretch of four games , averaging 19 points and 15 rebounds over that span . He 's averaging 14 points and 14 rebounds on the season . Klay Thompson really struggled with his shot , as he went 5 - for - 22 from the field and 1 - for - 11 from the three - point line to finish with 13 points . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Sacramento Kings on Friday , while the Warriors will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Friday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the New York Knicks , 121 - 107 , at Madison Square Garden on Monday night . The Knicks ( 22 - 31 ) have been mired in controversy on and off the court in recent weeks , with rumors swirling about a possible trade of franchise cornerstone Carmelo Anthony and losses in three of their last four games . The Lakers ( 18 - 36 ) are n't in much better shape , however , and came into Wednesday 's contest with only five road wins in 28 games away from the Staples Center this season . However , a sterling effort from the Los Angeles bench that generated over half of the team 's scoring total helped lead the way to a relatively easy victory . The visitors were sharp from the jump , building a 29 - 19 lead after one and a 61 - 45 advantage by halftime . That edge was 97 - 73 after three quarters , and even with New York showing some signs of life in garbage time , the Lakers still coasted to a double - digit road victory . The Lakers were led by Lou Williams off the bench , who tallied 22 points , four assists , two rebounds and one steal in 26 minutes . Nick Young was next and led the first unit with a 22 - point , 2 - rebound double - double that also included four assists and one steal . Brandon Ingram drew the start at small forward and totaled 16 points , three rebounds , two assists and one steal . Justin Holiday was productive on the second unit as well with 14 points , one rebound and one block . D'Angelo Russell paced the starters with 26 points , five assists , three rebounds and one steal . Kristaps Porzingis managed an 16 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and two blocks . Brandon Jennings matched Porzingis 's point total and added five assists , three rebounds and one steal . Larry Nance , Jr. was next with a 10 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and three steals . New York remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again Sunday afternoon for a date with the Charlotte Hornets .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Utah Jazz , 102 - 96 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . The Grizzlies ( 5 - 5 ) used a late fourth - quarter surge to secure their first road victory on Monday , after dropping their first three away from home to start the season . They did so with yet another great performance from Vince Carter off the bench , as he continues to turn back the clock in his 19th NBA season . Carter had 20 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting in 31 minutes as a reserve - - his third straight game with at least 17 points . Zach Randolph added a great performance off the bench himself , scoring 18 points and grabbing 10 rebounds in just 23 minutes to notch his third double - double of the season . For the starters , it was Marc Gasol and Mike Conley who carried the load , scoring 22 and 18 points respectively . For the Jazz ( 7 - 5 ) , on top of losing Monday 's game , they also lost their starting power forward Derrick Favors , as he left the game with left knee soreness after 21 minutes of playing time . Favors has been bothered with knee issues since before the season even started , and it is possible the team is now extra cautious with their star forward , opening the door for second - year player Trey Lyles to play a bigger role . The power forward out of Kentucky was great in 32 minutes off the bench , scoring 18 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Gordon Hayward , who has been unstoppable as of late with five straight games of at least 20 points , struggled mightily , shooting just 4 - of - 14 from the field and 1 - of - 7 from behind the arc en route to just 13 points . With Favors potentially out for an indefinite amount of time , the burden will be on Hayward to regain his scoring mojo and carry the load for a Utah team that is n't very prolific offensively . Up next , the Grizzlies will head to Los Angeles on Saturday to take on the red - hot Clippers , while the Jazz will have off until Thursday when they take on Chicago at home .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 9 - 6 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 6 - 7 ) 111 - 89 on Tuesday at Energy Solutions Arena in Salt Lake City . The Thunder got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Jazz 23 - 20 right away in the first quarter . Along with the fast start , the Thunder also shot better than the Jazz , going 55 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Jazz went 38 percent from the floor and a meager 26 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Thunder also secured a 36 - 41 rebounding advantage . The Thunder were led by the duo of Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook . Westbrook went 10 - for - 13 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding six rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Thunder ' seven - game win streak . Westbrook on the other hand finished with 20 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 10 - 10 FT ) , seven rebounds and nine assists . He 's been filling up the stat sheet lately , combining for 25 points , 16 rebounds and 18 assists over his last two games . Anthony Ibaka had a solid game as well , finishing with 15 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt ) and four rebounds . The Jazz were led by Russell Westbrook , who recorded his first triple - double of the year . He finished with 20 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 10 - 10 FT ) , 7 rebounds and 9 assists in 27 minutes . The 27 points were a new season - high for him , while the double - double was his first since December seventeenth . While he did n't do too much on the offensive side of the ball with only seven points ( 3 - 7 FG , 3 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , Dion Waiters had a nice boost off the bench for Utah , as he finished with 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , three rebounds and six assists . While he did n't reach his season average of 11 points per game , it was still a very positive all - around effort . They only other player to reach double figures was Serge Ibaka , who finished with 11 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 0 - 0 FT ) and five rebounds . The Jazz ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday , while the Jazz will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Miami Heat , 110 - 107 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . The Grizzlies have been dominant at home this season and this wire - to - wire win just adds to the resume . It was as one - sided as it could be , with the Grizzlies holding a double - digit lead for the final 35 minutes . While Memphis did n't dominate any statistic , it won nearly every one . In fact , Memphis ended up winning the shooting , assisting , turnovers , steals , fastbreak points and points in the paint differentials . The Grizzlies starters really took control , as they outscored the Heat starters , 84 - 42 . The Heat ( 5 - 11 ) had to play this game without Goran Dragic and Justise Winslow , but they fought to the final whistle . In fact , all five starters scored in double figures , with none of them shooting below 40 percent from the field . Dion Waiters stepped up in Dragic 's absence , accumulating a team - high 28 points , five rebounds and six assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 15 points and 12 rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting . Troy Williams led the bench in scoring , dropping 18 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting . Miami will look to get out of this slide on Thursday against the Phoenix Suns . The Heat ( 5 - 11 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Marc Gasol continued his great form , as he led the team with 28 points , three rebounds and six assists . Mike Conley was second on the team , finishing with 21 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 15 points and 12 rebounds on 7 - of - 11 shooting .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the visiting New York Knicks , 107 - 102 , at Spectrum Center on Saturday . After playing a competitive game on Friday , these two teams put up a similar fight on Saturday . The game flow was a bit different though , as there were only six combined lead changes and ties after nearly 29 on Friday . Charlotte got out to a hot start , as they led 22 - 22 after the first quarter . New York fought back to take their first and only lead in the fourth quarter , but could n't quite hold off a late fury by the Hornets . Defense was key for Charlotte , as they held New York to 38 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . The Hornets also took advantage of the whistle , taking 21 more free - throw attempts than the Knicks . New York ( 8 - 8 ) had the tough task of winning both games of a home - and - home set and they did all they could to hang around in this tight loss . Kristaps Porzingis led the team in scoring , dropping 25 points and grabbing six boards . Derrick Rose fell just shy of a triple - double , accumulating 18 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . Carmelo Anthony also scored 18 points , adding eight rebounds on an ugly 7 - of - 25 shooting . On deck for the Knicks is a home matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Monday . New York ( 9 - 7 ) had to play this game extremely shorthanded , but they got some huge performances from unexpected sources . Jeremy Lamb was the biggest surprise , as he scored a season - high 18 points and grabbed a career - high 17 rebounds in his first start with the Hornets . Kemba Walker led the team in scoring , tallying 28 points , three assists and three blocks in the win . Cody Zeller recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 10 rebounds . Starters Nicolas Batum and Marvin Williams both sat out this game with differing injuries . The Hornets will return to action on Monday , when they play the Memphis Grizzlies on the road .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 120 - 116 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Sunday evening . The Cavs ( 28 - 8 ) narrowly escaped Phoenix with the win , as the Suns ( 12 - 26 ) used a strong second half to come within two points , with 3:20 left in the fourth . The Cavs started out with a huge 41 - point first quarter but the Suns retaliated in the third , winning the quarter 37 - 24 , to bring the score to 93 - 90 at the start of the fourth . However , the Cavs were able to hang on to escape with a four - point win . Cleveland 's big three earned their keep in this one , as they combined for 40 points in the first half , and another 40 in the second half , for a huge 80 - point contribution on the night . LeBron James was the high - point man , with 28 points , to go along with eight rebounds and four assists , but gave up a troublesome seven turnovers , in 40 minutes . Kevin Love added 25 points and 10 rebounds , while Kyrie Irving totaled 27 points and seven assists , but also gave up seven turnovers . The Cavs shot 54 percent from the field and 15 - of - 34 from long range , but only tallied 15 assists in the game . They are now 20 on their current road trip , which will go on for four more games , beginning with a stop in Utah on Tuesday . Eric Bledsoe led the way for the Suns , as he finished with 31 points , eight assists , two rebounds , two steals and one block , while Devin Booker contributed 28 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Four other players scored in double digits in the valiant effort , including Tyson Chandler , who finished with 10 points and 15 rebounds . The Suns shot a solid 53 percent from the field and forced the Cavs into 20 turnovers , as they came very close to pulling off the upset . The Suns will look to carry on with similar intensity and fight , as they play host to the Mavericks on Thursday .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Detroit Pistons , 87 - 75 , at Palace at Auburn Hills on Friday . Both teams ' defenses came out ultra - sharp , with only a combined 29 points scored in the first quarter . The game remained close throughout the second and third periods as well , and the Pistons ( 33 - 36 ) actually entered the fourth quarter with a 66 - 60 lead . That 's when the light went on for the Raptors ( 40 - 29 ) , who rattled off 27 points over the final 12 minutes while limiting Detroit to just nine points . Abysmal three - point shooting was part of the downfall for the Pistons , as they managed just a 15 percent success rate from behind the arc . The loss negated a mammoth 22 - rebound effort from Detroit 's Andre Drummond . Serge Ibaka paced Toronto with 17 points , nine rebounds and one assist . DeMar DeRozan followed with 14 points , eight boards and six assists . DeMarre Carroll supplied 12 points , one rebound , one assist and one steal . Jonas Valanciunas chipped in with 10 points , eight rebounds , one steal and one block . Cory Joseph was productive as well with a full stat line of nine points , seven rebounds , six assists and one block . Norman Powell led the second unit with 11 points and two rebounds . Reggie Jackson led Detroit with 20 points and six assists . Tobias Harris provided 14 points , seven rebounds and one steal . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope registered nine points , two rebounds and two assists . Andre Drummond added eight points , two steals and one block in addition to his astounding rebound total . Jon Leuer led the second unit with 12 points , five rebounds , two assists and one block . The Raptors head back home to tangle with the Indiana Pacers on Sunday evening , while the Pistons remain home to face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday evening .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 0 - 1 ) 101 - 100 on Thursday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . In a tight battle between two of the more experienced teams in the league , the Spurs were able to hold on in the fourth quarter to secure the five - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Spurs shot 53 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went 49 percent from the floor and 38 percent from deep . This marked the fifth straight loss for the Mavericks , as they look to improve their draft positioning for the 2015 NBA Draft . The Spurs got their biggest contribution from Monta Ellis , who had 26 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , to go along with four rebounds and six assists . The 26 points were a new season - high for him , while the double - double was his first since the end of January . The Spurs also received a solid contribution from Marco Belinelli , who came off the bench to score 15 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 28 minutes . Danny Green was the only other Mavericks ' player to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 13 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt ) and four assists . The Mavericks ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Sixers will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 18 - 32 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 19 - 31 ) 114 - 109 on Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . The Pacers came out of the third quarter down 75 - 69 , but absolutely exploded in the fourth quarter , out - scoring the Pistons 33 - 33 to seal the victory on the road . The Pacers shot 60 percent from the field and 57 percent from the three - point line , while the Pistons shot 49 percent from the floor and 50 percent from beyond the arc . The Pacers were led by the duo of George Hill and George Hill . Hill shot 8 - for - 12 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding six rebounds . He 's now combined for 52 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Pacers ' seven - game win streak . Hill on the other hand finished with 20 points ( 8 - 12 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 8 FT ) , three rebounds and six assists of his own . Considering he 's only averaging 13 points per game so far this season , it was a nice surprise for the Pacers in this one . Roy Hibbert chipped in with 16 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 0 - 4 FT ) and nine rebounds in 36 minutes . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Caron Butler , who finished with 13 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) in 24 minutes . The Pistons ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Pistons will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Friday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 12 - 13 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 11 - 14 ) 104 - 92 on Monday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . This marked a huge win for the Thunder , as they passed up the New Orleans Pelicans for the eighth and final projected seed in the Western Conference standings . The Pelicans are just a half game behind them though , with the Suns trailing by just three games as well , so it 'll remain a fight for the last seed all the way until the end of the regular season in the West . The Kings , on the other hand , are currently in the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference standings . They 're even with the Indiana Pacers , but hold the tie breaker , so they remain ahead of them for now . The Thunder are also just a game behind the Miami Heat for the seventh spot . With both Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka out due to injury , Russell Westbrook continued to put on a show . He did n't have the best night shooting the ball ( 11 - 20 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , but he got to the free throw line at will and converted on 9 - of - 12 attempts to finish with 32 points . He also had six rebounds and seven assists , as he was able to stuff the stat sheet against a tough opponent . Coming off the bench , Carl Landry continued his strong play with 14 points ( 6 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and four rebounds in 22 minutes . The Thunder 's next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Kings will travel to San Antonio to play the Spurs on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 15 - 5 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 4 - 15 ) Monday 123 - 101 at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . This game was over from the start , as the Spurs opened up a 11 - point lead after the first quarter and continued to pile it on throughout the rest of the game . By the time the fourth period rolled around , San Antonio had opened up a 23 - point lead . All five active Spurs scored in double figures with five players scoring in double figures , but seven players scored in double digits . Shabazz Belinelli was the high - point man , with 20 ( 7 - 12 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and 0 - of - 6 from the free throw line . Kawhi Leonard was the only other Timberwolves player to score in double figures for the Timberwolves , posting 18 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) with three rebounds , four assists and one steal in 27 minutes . The Spurs now head to Miami on Thursday to take on the Heat . For the Timberwolves , it was just a painful loss in a game that looked to be a blowout early on . Minnesota got off to a hot start , jumping out to a 44 - 23 lead after the first quarter . However , the Timberwolves came out firing in the third quarter though , out - scoring the Timberwolves 28 - 25 , but the Spurs were able to hold off the charge and secure the victory in front of their home crowd . The Spurs shot 57 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves shot only 42 percent from the floor and a meager 38 percent from beyond the arc . Zach LaVine was the high - point man for the Timberwolves , finishing with 18 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with 10 assists . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now pushed his season averages to 28 points and 6 rebounds per game . Leonard on the other hand recorded 18 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , three rebounds and four assists of his own . Considering he 's only averaging 17 points per game so far this season , it was a nice surprise for the Timberwolves in this one . Kawhi Leonard had a strong showing as well , finishing with 18 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , three rebounds and four assists . The only other Spurs player to reach double figures in points was Danny Green , who scored 11 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 28 minutes . The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the New orleans Pelicans on Tuesday , while the Timberwolves will travel to Cleveland to take on the Cavaliers on Tuesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Utah Jazz , 91 - 83 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team had more than a nine - point lead until the final six minutes , as there were nine ties and 15 lead changes in total . The second half is where the Cavaliers really turned it on , outscoring Utah , 65 - 48 over the final 24 minutes . Cleveland was lights - out from the field , shooting 42 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . LeBron James carried the load for Cleveland , as he tallied 33 points , 10 rebounds and six assists on 13 - of - 20 shooting . Kyrie Irving was n't far behind , tallying 21 points and four assists . Rudy Gobert finished with another double - double , totaling 20 points , 20 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Gordon Hayward accrued 13 points , four rebounds and four assists . LeBron James recorded a triple - double , as he accumulated 33 points , 10 rebounds and 6 assists . Kyrie Irving led the team with 21 points , adding four rebounds and four assists to his tally . Rudy Gobert was the only other Cavaliers player in double figures , as he accumulated 10 points , nine rebounds and four assists . The Cavaliers will look to build off this win on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Sacramento Kings ( 5 - 9 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 6 - 7 ) 97 - 91 on Sunday at the Amway Center in Orlando . The Magic got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Kings did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 35 percent compared to the Magic , who went 29 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Kings did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Magic into 17 turnovers , while committing just 14 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . DeMarcus Cousins turned in a huge game , going 8 - for - 19 from the field to score 29 points , while also adding 12 rebounds and three blocked shots . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 26 points and 14 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 21 points and 4 rebounds on the season . Rajon Rondo came one assist shy of his second triple - double , as he finished with 13 points , seven rebounds and nine assists . He 's now averaging 11 points and 4 rebounds on the year . The only other Hornet in double figures was Victor Oladipo , who posted 11 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and six rebounds in just over 25 minutes . The Magic 's next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Friday , while the Magic will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the host New York Knicks 104 - 93 at Barclay 's Center on Friday . In a game that was tight throughout the first half , it took a lot of swings to get Milwaukee their win . In fact , the Bucks led by 26 after the first quarter , as they never relinquished the lead from there . Defense was key for Milwaukee , as they held New York to 46 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The Bucks also took advantage of the whistle , taking 16 more free - 13 attempts than the Knicks . New York ( 26 - 39 ) had a tough task here against one of the best home teams in the league and they fell just shy in this close loss . Giannis Antetokounmpo carried the load , as he tallied 32 points , 13 rebounds and four steals . Carmelo Anthony was second on the team , finishing with 16 points , four rebounds and three assists . Courtney Lee was second on the team , as he totaled 12 points and seven rebounds off the bench . Kristaps Porzingis had a nice all - around game too , accumulating 13 points , eight rebounds , two assists and three blocks in the defeat . Greg Monroe recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 13 points and 12 rebounds . Carmelo Anthony led the Knicks in scoring , as he collected 32 points and 13 rebounds . Carmelo Anthony was second on the team , with his 18 points , three rebounds and three assists .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 8 - 27 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 12 - 25 ) 97 - 77 on Wednesday at the US Airways Center in Los Angeles . The Lakers got out quickly in this game , out - scoring the Suns 25 - 10 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Lakers used their three - point shooting to grab an advantage , going 36 percent from deep , while the Suns went just 22 percent from beyond the arc . The Lakers were also able to force the Suns into 14 turnovers , while only committing 14 of their own . The Lakers were led by Lou Williams off the bench , who went 11 - for - 25 from the field and 1 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding seven rebounds and two steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he continues to be the team scoring leader . Mirza Teletovic also had a solid game in a row , going 6 - for - 14 from the field and 3 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 16 points in 23 minutes . It was a season - high in points for him and a nice surprise as he 's averaging only 10 points per game on the year . Like Russell Randle , Devin Booker did n't have his best night shooting the ball . He went 5 - for - 13 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 10 points . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 10 assists over those two games . Roy Hibbert finished with 13 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 1 - 1 FT ) , six rebounds and three blocks in 16 minutes . The Lakers ' next game will be on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Suns will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Wednesday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Orlando Magic , 117 - 104 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Sunday . Indiana got out to a hot start in the first quarter and they never looked back after that . In fact , the Pacers took a 27 - 17 lead after the first quarter , as they never trailed after that . The Indiana offense was as efficient as ever , going 50 percent from the field , 41 percent from three - point range and 92 percent from the free - throw line . Defensive rebounding was a huge factor as well , with the Pacers winning that battle , 38 - 32 . Orlando ( 15 - 20 ) have not been able to get a winning - streak going this season , as their defense continues to falter . Serge Ibaka led the starters in scoring , as he totaled 17 points and eight rebounds in the loss . Nikola Vucevic led the team in scoring , as he accrued 18 points and 11 rebounds off the bench . Jeff Green provided 17 points on his own off the bench on 7 - of - 12 shooting . Aaron Gordon went just 4 - of - 10 from the field , to finish with 13 points and six rebounds . On deck for the Magic is a road matchup with the New York Knicks on Monday . Indiana ( 17 - 18 ) needed this win after a poor stretch and they did n't let fans down in this offensive showcase . Myles Turner was the player of the game , as he accumulated 23 points , 12 rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting . Paul George was second on the team , collecting 19 points , five rebounds and three assists . Jeff Teague scored just 12 points , but dished out nine assists in the win . Off the bench , Al Jefferson scored 12 points , while Aaron Brooks dropped 14 of his own . Indiana will look to keep rolling against the Detroit Pistons on Tuesday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the New York Knicks , 116 - 111 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Rockets finished the game on a 21 - 11 run to open things up and win comfortably . They actually led for the majority of the game , as New York 's only lead lasted less than two minutes in the second quarter . Shooting was the big difference in the game , with Houston hitting 45 percent from the field , 64 percent from the free - throw line and 28 percent from three - point range . Defensive rebounding was key for Houston , winning that battle , 42 - 26 . The Knicks ( 8 - 10 ) had a tough task here in a back - to - back set , but they pulled out another huge win on the road . James Harden was the player of the game , accumulating 26 points , seven rebounds and nine assists on 10 - of - 28 shooting . Kristaps Porzingis shot just 8 - of - 13 from the field , but totaled 20 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Marcus Thornton was second on the team , providing 18 points and four steals off the bench . Clint Capela recorded a 18 - point , 11 - rebound double - double . The `` big three '' for the Knicks all played well in this loss , as they combined for 0 - of - 15 from three - point range in the defeat .
The Toronto Raptors ( 13 - 2 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 7 - 100 ) 126 - 115 on Friday at Philips Arena in Toronto . The Raptors shot extremely well in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went 51 percent from the floor and just 42 percent from beyond the arc . The Raptors were able to force the Hawks into 22 turnovers , which may have been the difference in this one . The Raptors were led by DeMar DeRozan , who finished with a game - high of 27 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 9 - 9 FT ) , to go along with 0 assists and two blocked shots . It was a career - high in points for the guard , who 's now scored 21 points or more three times over his last three games . During that five - game stretch , he 's averaging 22 points , 8 rebounds and 6 assists . Kyle Lowry also had a strong showing , posting 19 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , four rebounds and three assists of his own . Considering he 's averaging 14 points per game on the season , it was a nice surprise for the Hawks . Both DeMarre Johnson and Terrence Ross reached double figures as well with 13 and 12 points respectively . The Hawks ' next game will be at home against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Wednesday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Washington Wizards on Wednesday .
The Utah Jazz ( 28 - 36 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 43 - 22 ) 109 - 91 on Sunday at the Toyota Center in Houston . The Jazz got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Jazz did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 33 percent compared to the Rockets , who went 22 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Jazz did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Rockets into 28 turnovers , while committing just 12 of their own , which may have ultimately been the difference in this game . Gordon Hayward had a huge game for the Rockets . He shot 10 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 29 points , while also adding seven rebounds and seven assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Jazz ' seven - game win streak . Hayward on the other hand finished with 29 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 6 - 10 FT ) , four rebounds and seven assists . It was his second straight night posting 20 points , as he 's a combined 15 - of - 34 from the field over that stretch . The only other Bull to reach double figures in points was Terrence Jones , who scored 11 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt ) in 34 minutes . The Jazz 's next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Rockets will be at home against the New York Knicks on Saturday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 19 - 16 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 4 - 27 ) 112 - 96 on Sunday . Phoenix has won six straight and are determined to stay in competition for a playoff spot in the Western Conference . Tony Wroten scored a game - high 28 points in 33 minutes . The Suns shot 50 percent from the field and coughed up 16 turnovers , two numbers that often come with a loss . While the Sixers have preached patience , questions about whether or not the pieces they have can fit together have already been getting tossed around liberally in NBA circles . Phoenix will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Philadelphia has lost four straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Sixers will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Sixers have the right guys to build a winning team around . Tony Wroten led the Sixers in scoring with 28 points , to go along with four rebounds and two assists . Markieff Morris continued his recent success with the Sixers , as he collected 21 points , three rebounds , an assist , two steals and one block in a team - high 31 minutes off the bench . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Sixers host the Boston Celtics , while the Suns host the Los Angeles Clippers .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 53 - 26 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 20 - 57 ) 105 - 100 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . The Clippers got off to a quick start , out - scoring the Lakers 23 - 21 in the first quarter , while grabbing a 65 - 57 lead by half . They came into the third quarter playing just as well and were able to use that momentum to coast to the eight - point victory on the road in Los Angeles . The Clippers were the superior shooters , going 48 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers finished at 42 percent from the floor and 36 percent from deep . This marked the fifth straight loss for the Lakers , as they look to improve their draft positioning for the 2015 NBA Draft . The Clippers got their biggest offensive contribution from JJ Redick , who scored 27 points ( 9 - 14 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , and dishing out two assists . It was a season - high in points for him and J.J. Reddick , who added 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt ) and 28 assists . Despite taking the loss , the Lakers had all five starters finish with double - digit points . Blake Griffin led the way with 27 points ( 11 - 20 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) , along with seven rebounds and six assists , while Paul Paul had a double - double with 19 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 9 - 9 FT ) , 5 assists and five rebounds . The Lakers had six players reach double figures in points . Blake Griffin led the way with 27 points ( 11 - 20 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) , along with seven rebounds and six assists , in 36 minutes . Tarik Black , who started in place of Tyson Davis . Davis finished with 7 points ( 6 - 9 FG ) , nine rebounds and three blocks , in 22 minutes . The Lakers shot 42 percent from the field , while assisting on 24 - of - 43 field goals . Next , the Lakers will head to Denver to face the Nuggets on Sunday . The Clippers will be right back in action with a game on Wednesday in Dallas .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 49 - 31 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 21 - 59 ) 120 - 106 on Sunday at American Airlines Arena in Dallas . The Mavericks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Lakers 33 - 27 in the first quarter alone . The Mavericks shot very well in this one , going 54 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went just 44 percent from the field and 38 percent from beyond the arc . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Tyson Chandler and Jabari Clarkson . Chandler went a ridiculous 9 - for - 19 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also handing out six assists . He was also able to convert on 2 - of - 5 free throws.He 's now averaging 19 points , 9 assists and nine rebounds on the season . Tarik Black and Raymond Felton had the most production off the bench . Jefferson had 17 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 0 - 0 FT ) and two rebounds , while Johnson finished with 16 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 4 - 5 3Pt ) and two assists . The Lakers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Utah Jazz on Wednesday .
The Houston Rockets ( 50 - 23 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 41 - 33 ) 99 - 91 on Wednesday at the Toyota Center in Houston . The Rockets came out strong in this one , out - scoring the Wizards 28 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Rockets were the superior shooters in this game , going 43 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards finished at 39 percent from the floor and just 27 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , James Harden led the way for the Rockets , finishing with 24 points ( 7 - 20 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , three assists and three steals in 38 minutes . He was able to get to the free throw line 10 times , converting on a perfect 9 - of - 10 . He also had three rebounds and six assists , while playing 38 minutes for the Rockets . Otto Porter also had a big game , scoring 15 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) and grabbing six rebounds . He 's now averaging 13 points and 6 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Corey Brewer shot 7 - for - 14 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 15 points . It was his second strong performance in a row , as he 's combined for 35 points and 7 assists over those two games . Nene Hilario had 10 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) and seven rebounds as well . The Rockets ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Wizards will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Wednesday .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Atlanta Hawks 115 - 105 at Staples Center on Monday . The banged up Clippers ( 30 - 16 ) have gone through a brutal stretch of games , but erased a six game losing streak with a needed win at home . J.J. Reddick and Dwight Howard led Los Angeles in a variety of ways and staved off a late Hawks ( 26 - 19 ) rally . A tight knit first half saw Los Angeles start to pull away in midway through the second quarter , but Austin Rivers was fouled on a jumper and completed the three - point play to make it a one - possession game . The Clippers then needed a comeback victory after entering the fourth quarter with a 18 - point lead and never let the Hawks ( 26 - 19 ) within one possession . The teams were led by Paul Millsap , who finished with 19 points , eight rebounds , seven assists and two blocks on 5 - of - 16 shooting . Paul Millsap finished with a double - double of 19 points and eight rebounds , while Paul Millsap added 19 points , eight rebounds and seven assists , to go with two turnovers on the night . The Hawks ( 26 - 19 ) were led by Paul Millsap , who posted a game - high 27 points , to go along with four rebounds and six assists , in 41 minutes . Dennis Schroder followed up with 21 points , while Dennis Redick added 17 , and J.J. Redick chipped in 17 off the bench .
The Dallas Mavericks defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 111 - 104 , at American Airlines Arena on Thursday . These are two teams on the outside looking in for the playoffs and the Mavericks were able to escape with a huge win to get them closer to that eight - seed . Despite Dallas leading by nine points after the first quarter , Dallas took care of business from there by winning the other three quarters by at least four points . In fact , the Mavericks outscored the Nets , 49 - 36 , in the second half . Defense was key , as they held Brooklyn to 43 percent shooting , while forcing them to commit 15 turnovers . Dallas also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 33 - 41 . The Nets ( 13 - 56 ) have now won three of their last four games , as they continue to disappoint playoff contenders . Lopez was the star , as he hit the game - winning shot with six seconds left , en route to a 23 - point , nine - rebound performance . Harrison Barnes went just 8 - of - 15 from the field , but accrued 20 points , six rebounds and two assists . Spencer Dinwiddie was a nice spark off the bench , providing 11 points , six rebounds and two assists . Harrison Barnes was the player of the game , as he provided 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . Wesley Matthews scored 15 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting . Wesley Matthews scored 15 points , going 2 - of - 9 from the field .
The Miami Heat ( 46 - 32 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 39 - 40 ) 106 - 98 on Sunday at the United Center in Chicago . The Heat got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Bulls 21 - 22 in the first quarter alone . The Bulls shot better in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 29 percent from the three - point line , while the Bulls went 45 percent from the floor and just 21 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat were also able to force the Bulls into 12 turnovers , while only committing 10 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Heat were led by the duo of Jimmy Butler and Dwyane Wade . Butler shot 7 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also handing out six assists . He was also able to convert 10 - of - 10 free throws.He 's now averaging 17 points , 7 assists and 7 rebounds on the year . Hassan Whiteside was able to notch a double - double with 16 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 6 - 7 FT ) and 12 rebounds in 27 minutes . It marked his first double - double since the start of February . The Bulls received their biggest boost from their bench , with both Dwyane Wade and Derrick Rose reaching double figures in points . Johnson had 17 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt ) and four assists , while Johnson had 17 points ( 7 - 10 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt ) and three rebounds . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Bulls will travel to Orlando to play the Magic on Friday .
DeMarcus Cousins ' struggles in Tuesday 's game against the Kings were , in general terms , uncharacteristic of the All-Star center . However , when looking at Cousins ' history following a huge performance , it ends up not being too out of character . Cousins followed up Monday 's monster 46 - point , 29 - rebound performance with a bit of a dud , as he shot just 11 - of - 23 ( 48 percent ) from the field en route to scoring just 24 points . Going back as far as last season , in his last five games where he scored at least 44 points , Cousins followed up with a poor shooting performance the next game . Cousins never shot over 38 percent from the field in any of those five followups and shot as low as 28 percent in one of the outings . Overall , in those five games coming off a 44 - point performance , Gay shot just 1 - of - 21 from the field and had just six rebounds . In the end , it was a night to forget for the Knicks , as they shot just 35 percent from the field and an underwhelming 16 percent from behind the arc . Up next , the Kings will remain home Wednesday to take on the 76ers , while the Knicks will look to get back on the right track against the Warriors on Saturday in the first half of a home - to - home , the Utah Jazz . The Knicks ( 27 - 43 ) had won two - straight headed into this matchup , so a win against the Kings is a great sign going forward . DeMarcus Cousins had his best game of the season though , accumulating 24 points , 20 rebounds , four assists and two blocks in the defeat . Rudy Lopez was the only other player who scored more than 11 , as he totaled 17 points , seven rebounds and two blocks . Derrick Williams played well off the bench , collecting 11 points , three rebounds and two assists . The Kings will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the New York Knicks , 127 - 114 , at Pepsi Center on Saturday . Denver were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this Denver win . In fact , Denver pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as they held a double - digit lead for over half of this game . Free-throw shooting was a glaring difference , with Denver going 40 - of - 43 from the free - throw line , while New York went just 6 - of - 17 . Rebounding was crucial for the Nuggets as well , with Denver winning that battle , 46 - 35 . The Nuggets ( 11 - 16 ) have struggled on offense all season and duds like this against a bad Denver defense only adds to those troubles . Carmelo Anthony did all he could to keep New York hanging around , as he accumulated 29 points , four rebounds and five assists . Emmanuel Mudiay was second on the team , finishing with 22 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Wily Hernangomez got the start at center and totaled 10 points , 5 rebounds and five assists en route to a double - double . The Knicks will host the Washington Wizards on Saturday for their next game . The Nuggets ( 11 - 16 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across their last 20 games and home blowouts like this are simply embarrassing . Emmanuel Mudiay did all he could for New York , as he led the team with 29 points , seven rebounds and five assists . Kristaps Porzingis also scored 25 points , adding eight rebounds and two blocks . Will Barton was huge off the bench , providing 17 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . On deck for the heat is a home matchup against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday .
The Heat were able to pull out a rare wire - to - wire win here , but it was much closer than the majority of wire - to - wire victories . In fact , Miami never led by more than 10 points , as this was a single - digit game for well over 50 minutes . Defense was key for the Heat , as they held the Hawks to 39 percent from the field , 88 percent from the free - throw line and 23 percent from three - point range . Miami also dominated the glass , winning the defensive rebounding battle , 42 - 26 . Chris Bosh was the player of the game , as he tallied 18 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Dwyane Wade finished second on the team , amassing 15 points and eight assists . Al Horford totaled 17 points , four rebounds and two assists . Amar'e Stoudemire got a rare start and accrued 11 points , three rebounds and three assists . The Heat will host the New York Knicks on Friday for their next game . The Heat ( 27 - 21 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across the last two months , as this win marks their 10th home win in 33 tries . Chris Bosh led the team with 18 points , five rebounds and two assists , while Wade provided 17 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Al Horford scored just 17 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting , but dished out a game - high nine assists . The bench was huge as well , with Amar'e Stoudemire , Amar'e Stoudemire and Amar'e Stoudemire each finished with 13 points apiece . Atlanta will play again on Friday , as they play the New Orleans Pelicans on the road .
The Washington Wizards ( 15 - 16 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 14 ) 103 - 91 on Wednesday at the Amway Center in Orlando . The Wizards got off to a quick start in this game and took an early lead , finishing the first half up 55 - 47 . Despite shooting better from the field , the Wizards did n't have as much success from the three - point line , where they went a meager 31 percent compared to the Magic , who went 25 percent . Making up for their poor three - point shooting , the Wizards did it on the defensive side of the ball and forced the Magic into 15 turnovers , while committing just nine of their own . The Wizards ' frontcourt did most of the damage in this one . John Wall went 10 - for - 19 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also handing out 13 assists . He was able to get to the free throw line four times and converted on all eight attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after struggling with his shot against the Pelicans on Sunday . Evan Fournier shot just 5 - for - 11 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 11 points . The Magic ' next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Friday , while the Magic will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
Zach LaVine led all scorers with a game - high 40 points , on 13 - of - 21 shooting , including 7 - of - 12 from long range , along with six rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 39 minutes . Karl-Anthony Towns notched his tenth straight double - double as he finished with 20 points and 13 rebounds , along with five assists , in 38 minutes , while Andrew Wiggins struggled , going 6 - of - 19 from the field on his way to 15 points , in 40 minutes . The Minnesota bench was very quiet , with four players combining for only 11 points . The Timberwolves shot 45 percent from the field , and 37 percent from distance , while the Kings shot a hot 53 percent from the field , including 52 percent from long range . The Kings outscored the Timberwolves 48 - 36 in the paint , as DeMarcus Cousins led the way for Minnesota , with 32 points on 13 - of - 24 shooting , including 3 - of - 6 from distance , along with seven assists , seven rebounds , four steals and two blocks , in 37 minutes . Karl-Anthony Towns was solid , with 20 points and 13 rebounds , while Andrew Wiggins chipped in 15 points . Minnesota 's bench was very quiet , adding only 12 points to the cause . The Timberwolves fall to 6 - 15 at home and can only look ahead to their next contest , when they play host to the Mavericks on Monday , for a chance to get back on track .
The Washington Wizards ( 3 - 1 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 3 - 2 ) 102 - 99 on Tuesday . At this rate , anything less than a monster double - double will be a disappointment for LaMarcus Aldridge . The Pistons’ superstar center tallied his 11th straight performance with double - digit points and boards , meaning he’s achieved the feat in each of Detroit’s contests this season . He contributed a team - high 17 points and 2 rebounds , while the starting frontcourt of Tony Parker and Manu Ginobili combined for just nine points on 4 - of - 29 shooting . As a reserve , Otto Green , Jr. managed a modest 12 points in 29 minutes , while Tim Humphries ( 8 points ) and Kris Humphries ( seven points ) notably underperformed . The Spurs were led by Kawhi Leonard , who managed 23 points , nine rebounds , a block and a block over 38 minutes . Tony Parker was next with 17 points , two rebounds , four assists and a steal . LaMarcus Aldridge rounded out a productive night for the starting five with a 10 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a steal . The Wizards remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Monday . Leonard supplemented his stellar scoring total with nine rebounds , four assists and a steal . John Wall followed with a 17 - point , 13 - assist double - double that also included two rebounds , four steals and a block . Parker was right behind him with 19 points , two rebounds and two assists . John Wall turned in a 17 - point , 13 - assist double - double that also included two rebounds , four steals and a block . LaMarcus Aldridge pitched in with 10 points , 15 rebounds and a steal . Manu Ginobili paced the bench with 12 points , two assists , two rebounds and a steal . The series now shifts back to the Air Canada Centre for Game 1 on Tuesday night .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 31 - 16 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 40 ) 105 - 93 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in LA . While they were down 49 - 48 at half , the Clippers took off in the second half , out - scoring the Lakers 44 - 39 to finish the game . The Clippers were the superior shooters in this one , going 49 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers finished at 44 percent from the floor and 39 percent from deep . With the win , the Clippers remain a half game ahead of the streaking San Antonio Spurs for the fifth projected playoff seed in the West , while the Portland Trail Blazers still own a game lead over the Clippers for the fourth spot . The Clippers ' frontcourt was a huge factor in the win . Chris Paul went off for a game - high of 27 points ( 11 - 18 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , to go along with seven assists and two steals . He 's combined for 31 points in hist last two games and is now averaing 19 points per game . Julius Randle had a double - double of his own , finishing with 6 points ( 4 - 3 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and 17 rebounds . The Clippers got most of their production from Chris Paul , who finished with a team - high of 17 points ( 7 - 16 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , to go along with eight assists and two steals . He had combined to go just 3 - for - 26 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Lance Stephenson went 6 - for - 7 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 16 points in 22 minutes . Averaging just 4 points on the season , it was a nice surprise for the Lakers . Roy Hibbert finished with 12 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 2 - 4 FT ) and five rebounds in 28 minutes . The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Sacramento Kings on Friday , while the Lakers will travel to Los Angeles to play the Clippers on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Washington Wizards , 112 - 100 , at AT & T Center on Saturday . The Wizards were expected to win this game easily and they left yes doubt with this lopsided result . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Spurs , as they led by 12 after the first quarter and by 50 headed into the fourth quarter . Defense was key for San Antonio , as they held Washington to 48 percent shooting and forced them to commit 12 turnovers . San Antonio also dominated in the paint , winning the rebounding battle , 38 - 7 , and outscoring the Wizards in the paint , 68 - 27 . Bradley Beal led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points and six rebounds . Tony Parker finished second on the team , amassing 20 points and three assists . Marcin Gortat recorded a double - double , totaling 10 points and 10 rebounds . Patty Mills was San Antonio 's best player , as he accumulated 15 points , five rebounds and four assists . Otto Porter was second on the team in scoring , collecting 14 points and eight rebounds . The Wizards will play the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday for their next game . The Spurs ( 14 - 3 ) have been one of the best teams in the league across their last 19 games and home blowouts like this are simply embarrassing . Bradley Beal led the way for the Wizards , as he tallied 19 points , three rebounds , five assists and three steals . Otto Porter amassed 14 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Otto Porter amassed 14 points , eight rebounds and three assists . Washington will look to keep rolling on Monday against the Houston Rockets .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 48 - 19 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 34 - 34 ) 99 - 98 on Friday at the American Airlines Center in Cleveland . The Cavaliers got out to a quick start in this matchup , out - scoring the Mavericks 31 - 31 right away in the first quarter . The Cavaliers did n't let off the gas either , as they never trailed in this game . Along with the quick start , the Cavaliers were also the superior shooters . They finished at 44 percent from the field and 27 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks went 47 percent from the floor and 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Cavaliers were led by Kyrie Irving , who went 13 - for - 28 from the field and 3 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 33 points , while also adding five assists . He temporarily left the game in the first quarter after straining his hamstring , but he came back in the second and played through the injury to bring the Cavaliers to a huge win . Irving secured the fifth double - double of his own , as he shot 7 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 33 points , while also handing out six assists . He was able to get to the free throw line four times and converted on all four attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after struggling with his shot against the Pelicans on Sunday . Chandler Parsons shot just 3 - for - 9 from the field and 3 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 14 points in 6 minutes . Coming off the bench , Channing Frye added 14 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and three rebounds in 15 minutes . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Miami Heat ( 21 - 13 ) defeated the Indiana Heat ( 19 - 15 ) 103 - 100 on Wednesday . The New Year 's Eve showdown between the two Central Division rivals was atypical in a number of ways . To begin with , one of the rarest sights in the NBA this season , a Heat road victory , came to pass , and against a quality opponent to boot . The Pacers had entered Thursday 's contest sporting an impressive 5 - 2 home record and playing quality basketball overall . Meanwhile , Indiana had managed a paltry three wins in 21 tries away from the Bradley Center , including consecutive road losses to the Mavericks and Thunder preceding Thursday 's game . They 'd also struggled offensively the majority of the year , often failing to even reach 100 points over the first 41 games of the season . However , the light has seemingly come on for Miami , and their side of the scoreboard , over their last two outings . After tallying 123 points in the loss to Oklahoma City on Wednesday , the Heat roared right back with another outstanding night on offense , shooting a stellar 38 percent from the field and 23 percent from three - point range . They also suffocated the Pacers ' long - range attack , limiting them to just 23 percent shooting from beyond the arc . Indiana was led by Dwyane Wade , who managed 17 points , nine assists and three rebounds . Ian Mahinmi was close behind him with 13 points , nine rebounds and a block , while Jordan Hill collected 10 points , 12 rebounds , an assist , a block and a steal . Rodney Stuckey and Jordan Stuckey contributed a pair of 10 - point efforts as reserves , with the former adding three rebounds and three assists , and the latter posting five rebounds , three assists and a block . Jordan Hill led the reserves with 10 points , 12 rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . The Heat fell to 21 - 13 and remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head to Orlando to take on the Magic on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the host Portland Trail Blazers , 88 - 86 , at Moda Center on Saturday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team had more than a nine - point lead until the final six minutes , as there were nine ties and 15 lead changes in total . The second half is where the Grizzlies really turned it on , outscoring Portland , 65 - 17 , in the second half . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with Memphis winning that battle , 58 - 52 . The Grizzlies also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 11 more assists , while committing three less turnovers . Damian Lillard was the lone bright spot for Portland , as he accumulated 19 points , three rebounds and two assists . C.J . McCollum was the only other Blazer in double figures , totaling 24 points , four rebounds and four assists . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , as he dropped 24 points , four rebounds and two assists on 7 - of - 13 shooting off the bench . JaMychal Davis recorded a double - double , totaling 6 points , 10 rebounds and two steals . No other player on the roster had more than five points , five rebounds or four assists . The Grizzlies will be off until Tuesday , when they play the Utah Jazz for their next game . The Grizzlies ( 16 - 12 ) have now dropped five - straight games , as they continue to battle for the top - spot in the east . CJ McCollum led the way for Memphis , as he collected 24 points and five steals . Evan Turner was second on the team , as he accrued 15 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . JaMychal Davis recorded a double - double , totaling 6 points , 10 rebounds and two blocks . Memphis will look to build off this win on Wednesday in a road matchup versus the Chicago Bulls .
The Denver Nuggets ( 31 - 42 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 15 - 61 ) 116 - 105 on Friday . In a battle between the two bottom teams in the west , the better team prevailed . The shooting was terrible from both teams , as they both shot 44 percent from the field . The difference for the suns was the play of their starters , as they outscored the Lakers starters 80 - 31 . In fact , no Lakers starter scored in double figures for the first time in over a decade . This now gives Denver their 10th win in their last 10 games and they continue to climb up the standings . D.J . Augustin was the hero , as he sneakily drew a foul with less than a second left and sinked the two free - throws to win the game . Denver had won three of their last five coming into this , but couldn’t hold a late lead on the road against a struggling Nuggets team . They made some crucial mistakes late that ultimately cost them the game , and that 's strange considering this team thrives off their veteran leadership . Kobe Bryant led all scorers , as he tallied 28 points , four rebounds and four steals in the victory . Julius Randle was the only other player with more than 18 points , as he totaled 18 points and four rebounds in the loss . This snapped a three - game winning streak for the Lakers and they 'll look to start a new one on Friday against the Denver Nuggets .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 3 - 3 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 5 - 4 ) 102 - 93 on Saturday . Portland is on a three - game win streak , which included wins against the Indiana Pacers , Detroit Pistons , and New Orleans . While their 7 - 2 record is impressive , and everyone expects the Trail Blazers to be a force to be reckoned with in the playoffs next summer , they have had an easy schedule to start the season . In fact , their two losses came against the only two teams they 've played this season who are considered locks to make the playoffs ( Miami Heat , Toronto Raptors ) . Bradley Beal has been out since the preseason with a broken wrist , but he is expected to make his debut next Friday . The Trail Blazers have three days off before they 'll host the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday . New Orleans has been playing some of the best basketball in the NBA this season and this win could be a springboard for a needed run . This shows how good this team can be at times , but the inconsistency is just so frustrating . Four players scored at least 14 points in the win , with the high - scorer being LaMarcus Aldridge with 31 . LaMarcus Aldridge had a double - double off the bench , as he scored 22 points and grabbed nine rebounds . Portland is in second place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , one game ahead of the eighth - place Rockets . They 'll be taking on the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday .
The Indiana Pacers defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 115 - 108 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Thursday . The Lakers ( 1 - 3 ) were n't sure that they 'd have Paul George ( ankle ) available to help try to break a two - game losing streak until late in the afternoon , but he ultimately was able to suit up and share the co - lead in scoring among the starting five . He also helped spearhead a defensive effort that saw Indiana limit the Lakers ( 1 - 3 ) to a 45 percent success rate from the field and a 36 percent tally from three - point range , while also holding them to a season - low point total . They also elicited a total of 19 turnovers from Los Angeles while turning the ball over a whopping 19 times . The visitors were led by Lou Williams off the bench , as he tallied 19 points , five assists , a rebound and a block . Backcourt mate Monta Ellis was next with 17 points , three assists , two rebounds and a block . Luol Deng was next with 14 points , six rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block but had a rough night from the field , going just 5 - of - 10 from the field and 2 - of - 4 from behind the arc . Monta Ellis ( 17 points , three assists , one rebound ) and D'Angelo Russell ( 11 points , six rebounds , an assist and a steal ) were productive in reserve roles . The Lakers head back home to face the Sacramento Kings on Friday , while the Pacers head to the Windy City for a Tuesday night date with the Chicago Bulls .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 28 - 28 ) routed the New York Knicks ( 25 - 37 ) 104 - 85 on Wednesday at the Madison Square Garden in New York . The Trail Blazers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Knicks 27 - 25 in the first quarter alone . The Knicks were the superior shooters , going 42 percent from the field and 40 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went 38 percent from the floor and a meager 29 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Trail Blazers also secured a 55 - 46 rebounding advantage . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Carmelo Lillard and CJ McCollum . Lillard shot 8 - for - 18 from the field and 4 - for - 9 from the three - point line to score 30 points , while also adding six assists . He 's now combined for 50 points over his last two games , pushing his season averages to 19 points and 8 rebounds per game . Notching a double - double of his own , Kristaps Porzingis finished with 11 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and 7 rebounds . The Knicks were led by Carmelo Anthony , who scored 23 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) and adding 10 rebounds . It was his second straight double - double and fourth in the last five games , as he continues to be a force this season . Afflalo was also very efficient Tuesday . He shot 6 - for - 19 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 13 points , while also grabbing six rebounds . The Blazers ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Knicks will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Friday .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 1 - 1 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 0 - 3 ) 102 - 90 on Wednesday at the Barclays Center in Detroit . The Nets were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 27 percent from the three - point line , while the Pistons went 42 percent from the floor and just 6 percent from beyond the arc . The Nets were able to force the Pistons into 22 turnovers , while only committing 14 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Nets were led by Joe Johnson , who shot 14 - for - 23 from the field and 3 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 34 points , while also adding eight rebounds . He 's picked up his scoring of late with so many injuries affecting this team , as he 's averaging just 7 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a triple - double , Kevin Garnett finished with 18 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) and eight rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 36 points and 19 rebounds over his last two games . He 's now averaging 15 points and 7 rebounds on the season . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope gave the frontcourt some help as well and recorded 10 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) and two rebounds . Like Garnett , he 's turned it on offensively , scoring over his last three games in a row . Coming off the bench , Greg Monroe posted an efficient 18 points ( 7 - 12 FG , 4 - 5 FT ) and 11 rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 43 points and 3 assists over his last two outings . Also reaching double figures in points was Mason Plumlee , who scored 10 points ( 4 - 6 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 4 FT ) in 21 minutes . The Nets ' next game will be on the road against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday , while the Pistons will travel to Orlando to play the Magic on Friday .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 10 - 12 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 3 - 12 ) 86 - 91 on Sunday at Oracle Arena in Oakland . Coming into this game , this was a matchup between the leaders of each respective conference . The Warriors were n't phased though , and dominated the Thunder in all aspects of the game . The Warriors shot better , going 36 percent from the field and 18 percent from the three - point line , while the Thunder went 36 percent from the floor and a meager 18 percent from beyond the arc . The Warriors also out - rebounded the Warriors 57 - 57 , giving them even more of an advantage . In his first game back from the All-Star break , Marreese Speights had a huge game for the Thunder . He went 11 - for - 18 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding seven rebounds and two blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now pushed his season averages to 24 points and 0 rebounds per game . Stephen Curry did n't have his best night offensively , as he went 5 - for - 15 from the floor and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 15 points . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Steven Adams , who came off the bench for 10 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and six rebounds . The Warriors ' next game will be on the road against the Phoenix Suns on Thursday , while the Thunder will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 41 - 29 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 35 - 35 ) 109 - 97 on Sunday . The importance of the rather unlikely road victory for Atlanta can not be underscored , as the Hawks had come in to the contest having dropped three of their previous four games and in tangible danger of losing their grip on the eighth seed in the conference . Further dampening their prospects was the Rockets ' formidable defense , as well as the 19 - game home winning streak they carried into the Sunday night affair . Despite the rather long odds and a 61 - 51 halftime deficit , the visitors rallied on the strength of a typically remarkable effort from James Harden , who collected at least 53 points for the third time in the last six games . Tim Hardaway , Jr. was the high - point man for the Hawks ( 41 - 29 ) , posting a game - high 20 points and adding nine rebounds , a pair of assists and a block . Al Horford followed with a 22 - point , nine - rebound , an assist , a steal and a block . Paul Millsap contributed 11 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and two blocks . Donatas Motiejunas was productive in his own right , supplying 13 points , six rebounds and an assist . The Hawks remain in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are slotted in the sixth seed as well . They head to Boston to take on the Celtics on Monday night . Harden paced the Hawks with 25 points , eight assists , six rebounds and a steal . Horford was next with 22 points , nine rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal . Dennis Schroder was next with 14 points , four assists , a rebound and a steal . Donatas Motiejunas paced the reserves with 13 points , six rebounds and an assist . The Rockets remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to face the Sixers on Saturday .
The Miami Heat ( 24 - 21 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 25 - 19 ) 89 - 84 on Monday at the American Airlines Center in Miami . The Heat got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Bulls 18 - 23 right away in the first quarter . Along with the quick start , the Heat also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 46 percent from the field and 21 percent from the three - point line , while the Bulls went 40 percent from the floor and just 28 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat also forced the Bulls into 13 turnovers , while committing only 11 of their own . The frontcourt did the bulk of the work for the Heat , led by center Pau Gasol . Gasol went 9 - for - 18 from the field and 1 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 19 points , while also adding 17 rebounds and two blocked shots . The double - double marked his ninth of the season thus far . The only other Hawk to reach double figures in points was Aaron Brooks , who finished with 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and two rebounds . Wade led all scorers with 28 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) of his own , to go along with seven rebounds and five assists . He 's now averaging 11 points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Aaron Brooks had a solid game off the bench with 13 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 2 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and two rebounds in 21 minutes . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday , while the Bulls will travel to New York to play the Knicks on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Golden State Warriors , 107 - 85 , at AT & T Center on Tuesday . These are two teams at the top of the standings , but the Spurs really took it to the Warriors in this beatdown . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as Golden State held just one lead in the first three minutes , with the Spurs leading the rest of the way . Each quarter was decisive , as they won the first quarter by 12 , the second quarter by eight and the third quarter by 13 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with San Antonio dishing out 27 assists to just 18 turnovers , while Golden State committed 11 turnovers to just nine assists . The Spurs shot 52 percent from the field , while holding the Warriors to just 36 percent on their end . Three-point shooting really killed Golden State , as they went just 18 - of - 31 from long distance . Ian Clark was the lone bright spot for Golden State , as he led the team with 36 points on 15 - of - 21 shooting off the bench . Matt Barnes led the starters , as he collected 14 points , nine rebounds and five assists . Patty Mills was San Antonio 's best player , as he accumulated 21 points , two rebounds and four assists . Matt Barnes was huge off the bench , as he amassed 14 points and nine rebounds . Zaza Pachulia recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 12 rebounds .
The Utah Jazz defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 88 - 83 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Monday . The Jazz ( 40 - 24 ) picked up their 40th win of the season and continue to rise in the Western Conference behind stellar play from Rudy Gobert . The elite center for Utah tipped in the buzzer beater for the win over the Kings on Sunday , and came up with another ridiculous stat line on Monday , as he finished with 15 points , 15 rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks across 36 minutes of action . The Pelicans simply could not find a rhythm shooting the ball , and finished with a season worst 36 percent as a unit . They allowed multiple Jazz scoring runs and did not have a single lead throughout the entirety of the game . The Pelicans picked up their first win with DeMarcus Cousins on Sunday , but were unable to do the same on the second game of a back - to - back . Cousins finished with 15 points , eight boards and three assists on 5 - of - 15 shooting , while Anthony Davis added 20 points and 12 rebounds across 37 minutes . The Jazz were led in scoring by Gordon Hayward , who finished with 23 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting . He was the only efficient scorer amongst the starters , as Utah finished just 41 percent shooting from the field as a team . Next up , the Jazz visit the Houston Rockets on Wednesday , while the Jazz play the same day when they host the Toronto Raptors .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers , 104 - 99 , at Wells Fargo Center on Monday . This was a game full of swings , as the Grizzlies made a huge comeback , despite playing with a depleted roster . After trailing by 15 points in the first quarter , Memphis outscored Philadelphia by 27 points over the final 43 minutes to pull out a comeback win . Defense was key for the Grizzlies , as they held the Sixers to 38 percent shooting and forced them to commit 26 turnovers . Marc Gasol carried the load , as he tallied 27 points , four rebounds , four assists and three steals . Robert Covington was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 19 points and 10 rebounds . Zach Covington recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 10 rebounds . Jerryd Bayless was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points , six rebounds and six assists . On deck for Philadelphia is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday . The Grizzlies ( 10 - 5 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they appear to be out of the slump that ailed them just last week . Marc Gasol picked up a rare triple - double , as he collected 27 points , 4 rebounds , 4 assists and 3 steals . Ersan Ilyasova led the team in scoring , as he dropped 22 points , six rebounds and two steals on 8 - of - 10 shooting . Jerryd Bayless came off the bench to provide 18 points , six rebounds and six assists . Memphis will look to bounce back on Friday in a road matchup with the Chicago Bulls .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 44 - 26 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 27 - 39 ) 117 - 92 on Monday at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland . After suffering a tough 99 - 92 loss in game number one on Monday , the Cavaliers were able to bounce back with a convincing 12 - point victory in game two . The Cavaliers got off to a really strong start , out - scoring the Nets 23 - 26 right away in the first quarter . The Cavaliers did n't let off the gas either , as they never trailed in this game . Along with the quick start , the Cavaliers were also the superior shooters . They finished at 55 percent from the field and 52 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets went 45 percent from the floor and 25 percent from deep . The Cavs also forced the Nets into 11 turnovers , while committing just 11 of their own . The Cavs ' frontcourt did most of the damage in this one . Deron Williams went 7 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 20 points , while also adding six assists and two steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Cavaliers ' seven - game win streak . James on the other hand finished with 16 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) , three rebounds and seven assists . He 's now averaging 10 points and 5 rebounds on the year . The only other Hornet in double figures was Kyrie Irving , who posted 12 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and five assists . LeBron James did everything he could to keep the Nets in this ball , going 5 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 16 points . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only six points against the Orlando Magic on Sunday . Bojan Bogdanovic was n't far behind , going 6 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 12 points in 36 minutes . He 's now averaging 11 points and 2 rebounds on the year . The only other Net in double figures was Kevin Mozgov , who finished with 10 points and 11 rebounds . The Cavaliers ' next game will be on the road against the Philadelphia 76ers on Tuesday , while the Nets will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 127 - 94 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . The Jazz ( 34 - 19 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but they did a fine job lighting up the scoreboard on Saturday as well after falling behind early . All five members of their first unit tallied double digits in the scoring column , and Utah shot a stellar 55 percent from the field overall . The Pelicans ( 20 - 33 ) did a pretty good job of keeping pace , though , as they emerged from the first quarter with a 25 - 32 lead and managed a 46 percent success rate from the floor . However , Utah 's vaunted defense asserted its dominance following their disastrous first 11 minutes , limiting New Orleans to just 65 points over the last three quarters . Joe Johnson led the way for Utah with a season - high 27 points , while George Hill contributed 19 points , three rebounds , three assists and a steal . Jrue Holiday 's 15 points paced the bench , while Dante Exum provided 11 points in a reserve role as well . Tim Frazier ( 11 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a steal ) , Dante Exum ( nine points , three rebounds , two steals and an assist ) and Tim Frazier ( 11 points , five rebounds , four assists ) were able to stuff the stat sheet . Anthony Davis had a solid game with 12 points , nine rebounds , two assists and six blocks in 30 minutes off the bench . Joe Johnson led the second unit with 11 points , three rebounds , five assists and a steal , while Alec Burks led the bench with 13 points , five rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Pelicans remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They now head to Indiana for an Easter Sunday showdown with the Pacers .
The Sacramento Kings ( 54 - 48 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 32 - 48 ) 112 - 114 on Friday in Sacramento . With the Kings solidified as the No . 2 seed for the Western Conference playoffs , they did not try particularly hard to win this game , starting with sitting Rajon Rondo ( hand ) for the remainder of the season . However , the Kings somehow managed to make up for the absence of their star players on the offensive end . Russell Westbrook had yet another tripe - double , with 24 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 9 - 10 FT ) , along with 10 assists and five rebounds . Rudy Gay led all Kings in scoring with 24 points ( 9 - 19 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt ) , to go with eight rebounds , three assists , four steals and two blocks in 38 minutes . Rudy Gay had 14 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt ) , eight rebounds and three assists in 29 minutes . Rajon Rondo ( ankle ) returned to the lineup after a four - game absence , scoring six points ( 2 - 4 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt ) , to go with eight rebounds , one assist and one steal in 25 minutes . The Kings are now three games behind the eighth - place Kings , and will look to inch closer by going for the eighth seed in the West as they visit San Antonio on Wednesday . The Thunder will be looking to extend their winning streak to four .
The Indiana Pacers ( 21 - 33 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 27 - 26 ) 106 - 93 on Tuesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . With both teams just barely on the outside looking in for the final spot in the Eastern Conference playoff race and less than 7 games left in the regular season , this marked another extremely important outing . The Pacers were able to come out victorious though , pulling even with the Pelicans in the standings and pushing themselves within striking distance at just one game back from the Boston Celtics for the eighth and final projected playoff seed . In order to seal the win , the Pacers used a superior shooting performance , out - rebounding the Pelicans 37 - 32 in the first quarter , therefore setting the tone for the rest of the game . The Pacers shot a stellar 53 percent from the field and 45 percent from the three - point line , while the Pelicans shot 46 percent from the floor and 47 percent from deep . This marked the fifth straight loss for the Pelicans , as they look to improve their draft positioning for the 2015 NBA Draft . The Pacers got their biggest offensive contribution from George Hill , who went 6 - for - 11 from the field and 4 - for - 5 from the three - point line to finish with 17 points , while adding three rebounds and nine assists as well . Averaging just 5 points per game on the season , it was a nice suprise for the Sixers , especially considering he had n't reached double figures in points for six straight games . Rodney Stuckey also had a productive night as well , finishing with 16 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) and three assists . It was his second straight night with 16 points , as he 's a combined 19 - of - 24 from the field over that stretch . The only other Pelican to reach double figures in points was Solomon Hill , who scored 12 points ( 4 - 5 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 27 minutes . The Pacers ' next game will be at home against the New York Knicks on Wednesday , while the Pelicans will be at home against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday .
Kyle Lowry scored 13 points in the fourth quarter , on his way to a game - high 33 points on 10 - of - 20 shooting , along with 11 rebounds , seven assists and three steals , in 41 minutes . DeMar DeRozan followed up with 27 points , although struggled shooting , going 10 - of - 22 from the field . DeRozan added five rebounds , two assists and one steal , in 39 minutes . E'Twaun Moore chipped in 17 points , while Patrick Patterson came off the bench . Gibson finished with 17 points , four rebounds and four assists , in 31 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Raptors was Patrick Patterson , who finished with 13 . Meanwhile , the Raptors struggled offensively , shooting only 45 percent from the field . They had five players score in double figures , led by DeMar DeRozan , who finished with 27 points , along with six assists , five rebounds and one steal , in 39 minutes . Nikola Mirotic was solid , with 17 points and five rebounds , while Taj Gibson chipped in 17 points . The Bulls will look to bounce back , as they go on to visit Sacramento on Monday . The Raptors will look to build on this win , as they face the second night of a back - to - back , when they visit the Kings . The Bulls ( 44 - 21 ) struggled from the field , going only 45 percent . Nikola Mirotic was the high - point man for the Raptors , with 17 points , to go along with five rebounds and two assists , in 32 minutes . E'Twaun Moore chipped in 17 points , while Patrick Patterson came off the bench with 13 points and six rebounds .
The Boston Celtics ( 11 - 8 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 7 - 13 ) 114 - 97 on Monday . Boston has won three straight games and are defining themselves as a contender to win the Eastern Conference this season . Isaiah Thomas paced the team with 21 points , the Celtics shot a woeful 38 percent from the field and 33 percent from beyond the arc as a team . They won the game at the foul line , going to the charity stripe 42 times to convert 25 of their free points . The Celtics will return home to host the Minnesota Timberwolves on Saturday . Sacramento has lost four straight games , but it 's difficult to see why the team is struggling . Rudy Gay has been one of the few bright spots in the starting lineup this season . He put up 18 points and three rebounds in 31 minutes Thursday , and Jae Crowder had a disastrous game off the bench , scoring just five points in 23 minutes . The Kings will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Sacramento was playing their second game in as many days , coming off a win over the Miami Heat on Monday . They entered the fourth quarter down by just ten points , but mustered only three points in the first four minutes of the period while Avery Bradley finished with 20 points . The Celtics have taken a bold stance by putting out some of their lesser - known players in the starting lineup over Bradley Thomas , but the gamble has largely paid off , as they 've won seven of their last nine games .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 15 - 12 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 14 - 14 ) 97 - 88 on Wednesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Dallas . The Mavericks came out firing in this one , out - scoring the Grizzlies 25 - 26 in the first quarter alone . The Mavericks were the superior shooters in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Grizzlies went just 38 percent from the floor and 35 percent from beyond the arc . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Dirk Nowitzki and Mike Conley . Nowitzki went 7 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding five rebounds as well . Despite shooting just 19 percent ( 3 - 14 FG ) from the field , it was good to see him get things turned back around and have a decent performance . Deron Williams also had a strong showing , posting 14 points ( 3 - 8 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) , six assists and a steal . He 's now averaging 16 points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Chandler Parsons had a strong showing . He went 5 - for - 9 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 16 points , while also adding seven rebounds . The Grizzlies ' next game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Grizzlies will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 6 - 2 ) grinded out a win on Friday night , defeating the Detroit Pistons ( 2 - 5 ) 102 - 91 . The game was very close the whole way but Chicago took control early in the fourth quarter when they grabbed the lead and did not look back . Detroit was led by a big performance from Derrick Rose , who had 19 points ( 9 - 20 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , seven assists , and two rebounds . Meanwhile , the Bulls struggled from the field , shooting a poor 44 percent from the field . The Pistons were led by the duo of Jimmy Butler and Pau Gasol . Butler shot 9 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 9 points , while also handing out seven assists . He also had two rebounds and one steal . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Brandon Jennings , who recorded 11 points ( 3 - 11 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , to go along with five assists , a rebound and a steal . The Bulls are now 6 - 4 at home this season and will continue to battle for the top seed in the Eastern Conference . They face a tough Division record in Atlanta on Sunday . The Pistons will be right back in action with a game in the Eastern Conference Finals , while the Bulls will head to Utah to take on the Jazz .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 35 - 35 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 36 - 71 ) 132 - 120 on Tuesday . It was a night of improbabilities , with the Mavericks coming into the contest looking to snap a five - game losing streak at Quicken Loans Arena of all places , where Portland had only dropped four games in the last six games . Dirk Nowitzki continued his play Tuesday , putting up 40 points ( 16 - 26 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) , with eight rebounds , four assists and two steals over 39 minutes . Coming off the bench , Allen Crabbe was dialed in with his shot , scoring 24 points ( 7 - 13 FG , 6 - 10 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with five rebounds and one assist in 43 minutes . Damian Lillard had 26 points ( 26 - 26 FG , 4 - 10 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , four rebounds and eight assists in 44 minutes . C.J . McCollum contributed 22 points ( 22 - 22 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt ) , one rebound , eight assists and two steals in 43 minutes . Wesley Matthews scored only 15 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 5 - 7 3Pt ) with five rebounds , two assists and one steal in 33 minutes . The Trail Blazers will continue their road trip by traveling to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Friday , while Portland will head to Los Angeles to square off against the Lakers on Friday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 0 - 1 ) 102 - 101 on Wednesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta . The Hawks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Celtics 30 - 30 in the first quarter alone . The Hawks shot better in this one , going 41 percent from the field and 19 percent from the three - point line , while the Celtics went just 36 percent from the floor and a meager 31 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Hawks also secured a 53 - 50 rebounding advantage . The Hawks were led by the duo of Jeff Teague and Isaiah Thomas . Thomas went 8 - for - 21 from the field and 4 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding eight assists . He temporarily left the game in the first quarter after straining his hamstring , but he came back in the second and played through the injury to bring the Hawks to a huge win . Horford finished with 24 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 7 - 8 FT ) and 12 rebounds , giving him his second double - double in the last three games . He 's been on an absolute tear of late , posting four double - doubles in a row , while averaging 23 points and 10 rebounds over that span . He 's averaging 24 points and 17 rebounds on the season . Kent Bazemore came off the bench to shoot 5 - for - 10 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also adding five assists . The Hawks ' next game will be at home against the Charlotte Hornets on Friday , while the Celtics will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The Utah Jazz defeated the Orlando Magic , 114 - 107 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . The Jazz ( 26 - 16 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but they did a fine job lighting up the scoreboard on Saturday as well after falling behind early . All five members of their first unit tallied double digits in the scoring column , and Utah shot a stellar 49 percent from the field overall . The Magic ( 17 - 25 ) did a pretty good job of keeping pace , though , as they emerged from the first quarter with a 42 - 29 lead and managed a 46 percent success rate from the floor . However , Utah 's vaunted defense asserted its dominance following their disastrous first 12 minutes , limiting Orlando to just 65 points over the last three quarters . Elfrid Payton led all scorers with 28 points , which he supplemented with nine rebounds , nine assists , two steals and a block . Aaron Gordon went for 21 points , four boards , two assists and a steal . Nikola Vucevic could n't quite duplicate his standout effort from Friday night versus the Suns , but did contribute a solid 15 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals . Serge Ibaka overcame a questionable designation due to a shoulder injury to take the floor and tally 13 points , five rebounds and two assists . Jodie Meeks notched a spot start in place of Evan Fournier ( foot ) and collected 12 points , six assists , three rebounds and a steal . Jeff Green led the bench with 11 points and five rebounds . Gordon Hayward paced the Jazz with 23 points , seven assists , five rebounds and a steal . Rudy Gobert was next with a monster 19 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and two blocks . Derrick Favors registered 17 points , six rebounds and an assist . George Hill and Rodney Hood turned in matching 14 - point efforts , with the former also dishing out seven assists and recording two steals , and the latter posting four rebounds and two assists . Alec Burks led the bench with 11 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Magic head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers for a Monday night showdown , while the Magic head west to Portland to take on the Trail Blazers .
The Brooklyn Nets ( 16 - 42 ) defeated the Phoenix Suns ( 14 - 44 ) 116 - 106 on Friday . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Phoenix , as they shot 43 percent from the field and 33 percent from three - point range . The fourth quarter is where the Nets really turned it on , as they outscored the Suns 26 to 35 . The Suns actually dominated the rebounding , as they brought down 50 boards to the Nets 42 . Brooklyn came into this game as a small favorite , but couldn’t muster up enough late to pull out the road win . The bench was the only reason they played so well , as they scored 41 bench points to go along with an impressive 35 rebounds . Brook Lopez was the only Laker who played well , as he tallied 12 points , six rebounds and two assists in the win . Brooklyn has a tough task ahead of them , as they play the second half of a back - to - back against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday for their next game . Brooklyn is off until Monday , when they host the Indiana Pacers . This was one of Brooklyn 's best games of the season , as they handled an Eastern Conference foe extremely easily . The Nets were clicking on all cylinders , but their defense was the key , as they held the Suns to 43 percent shooting . All the starters played well , as four of them scored at least 13 points and all five recorded at least five assists . Thaddeus Young was the hero though , as he scored a team - high 18 points on 8 - for - 11 shooting . Ronnie Brown also played well off the bench , as he amassed 16 points , four rebounds and three assists . Phoenix has a quick turnaround for their next game , as they travel to play the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday for their next game .
The Golden State Warriors ( 2 - 2 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 0 - 2 ) , 110 - 99 , on Tuesday at the Oracle Arena in Game 2 of the Western Conference Finals . In a matchup that featured the top two finishers in the MVP voting this season , Golden State 's Klay Thompson and Damian Lillard . Lillard led the way for the Warriors with 25 points and six assists , hitting five three - pointers on the night . He added four rebounds and two steals . Golden State , meanwhile , has sought to separate itself from the middle of the Western Conference and hold on to the three seed heading into the playoffs . Wednesday 's performance did the team no favors , however , as the starting five simply struggled to find their mojo offensively . Only C.J . McCollum scored at least 22 points and added two rebounds and two assists . Portland , meanwhile , struggled mightily on the offensive end . The team shot just 44 percent from the field , but could not find the basket enough to end the game . The Blazers are in fourth place in the Western Conference standings , seven games behind the conference - leading Golden State Warriors . The Trail Blazers will face the Blazers in the first round of the Western Conference playoffs , and the Warriors will face the winner of the Hawks-Wizards series . Golden State built a sizeable lead by halftime and never relented . To emphasize how impressive the Warriors ' victory was on Thursday , JeBron Lillard was held to 25 points on 8 - of - 20 shooting , which included a six - pointer late that put the game in overtime . The Trail Blazers will look to extend their win streak to three on Tuesday against the Grizzlies .
The Houston Rockets ( 1 - 1 ) got their first win of the season Monday , holding off the Los Angeles Clippers ( 1 - 6 ) 115 - 109 at the Toyota Center . After struggling mightily in the first three games of the season , James Harden turned in a vintage performance to defeat his former team . He scored 32 points ( 7 - 17 FG , 3 - 10 3Pt , 15 - 15 FT ) to go with three rebounds , seven assists , one steal and one block . DeAndre Jordan had a double - double of his own , with 16 points ( 6 - 6 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) and 12 rebounds . He also dished out a team - high three assists in 35 minutes . Jamal Crawford ( 6 - 22 FG ) and Trevor Ariza ( 4 - 12 FG ) scored 15 points apiece , and DeAndre Jordan added 16 points and 12 rebounds . J.J. Redick contributed 12 points ( 3 - 12 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt ) and three assists in 46 minutes . The Rockets were led by Blake Griffin , who put up 34 points ( 13 - 23 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 8 - 11 FT ) , 15 rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block in 41 minutes . Jamal Crawford started in place of Johnson and finished with 19 points ( 6 - 22 FG , 1 - 8 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , five rebounds , five assists and one steal , in 36 minutes . Trevor Ariza was solid in 45 minutes off the bench , finishing with 15 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , five rebounds and two assists in 45 minutes . Trevor Ariza was solid with 15 points ( 4 - 12 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 7 FT ) , four rebounds and two assists , in 20 minutes off the bench . The Clippers will continue their road trip by traveling to Detroit to take on the Pistons on Friday , while Los Angeles will head to New Orleans to take on the Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 42 - 28 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 41 - 28 ) 108 - 92 on Sunday at the United Center in Chicago . The Bulls got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Raptors 57 - 49 in the first half . Along with their quick start , the Bulls also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 53 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Raptors went 38 percent from the floor and a meager 40 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Bulls also secured a 47 - 36 rebounding advantage . The Bulls were led by the duo of Nikola Mirotic and DeMar DeRozan . DeRozan finished with 37 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt , 8 - 10 FT ) and seven rebounds , while Dunleavy chipped in with 21 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and three rebounds . With Kyle Lowry sitting out , Nikola Mirotic put up an impressive career - high of 29 points ( 11 - 21 FG , 3 - 11 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , to go along with 11 rebounds and four blocked shots . The 21 points were a season - high for him , while he 's also been extremely effective on the defensive side of the ball and has posted two or more steals in each of his last six games . Recording a double - double , Joakim Noah finished with a team - high of 8 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 0 - 5 FT ) , nine rebounds and six assists in 28 minutes . He 's now averaging six points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Patrick Patterson was a huge factor in the win , scoring 17 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt ) , to go along with five rebounds and two steals in 25 minutes . He continues to be one of the Raptors ' focal points in their offense , as he 's had at least 11 shot attempts in each of those outings . Coming off the bench , Patrick Patterson was extremely effective , finishing with 17 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 3 - 0 FT ) and five rebounds in 20 minutes . He 's now averaging six points and 4 rebounds on the year . The only other Raptor to reach double figures in points was Tony Brooks , who finished with 11 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) and 1 assists . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Raptors will travel to Indiana to play the Pacers on Friday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Phoenix Suns , 119 - 108 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 4 - 3 ) notched their third straight win and remain undefeated at home after another strong performance by their young , talented core . Los Angeles built upon an eight - point first quarter lead in the second period , where a series of scoring runs capped off the first half . The Suns made the game a heated contest in the fourth quarter . Devin Booker buried a 10 - foot jump shot with 6:39 left in the final period and drew a foul , sinking a free throw to pull the game within one point . The Lakers were able to outlast the Phoenix comeback attempt and did not let up their lead , even after it dwindled to just one possession . Nick Young and D'Angelo Russell nailed much needed back - to - back three pointers to put the game out of reach and secure the rest of the victory from the charity stripe . Devin Booker had a standout performance , as his sophomore season continues where he left off from his rookie year . Booker finished with 39 points , seven assists and three rebounds on 13 - of - 29 shooting . T.J. Warren added 1 points , while Eric Bledsoe finished with 19 points , two assists and two boards . Nick Young provided his best game of the young season with 22 points and seven rebounds , in addition to three buckets from behind the arc . Jordan Clarkson and Lou Williams were impressive off the bench , adding a combined 32 points on 13 - of - 28 shooting in 26 minutes and 30 minutes , respectively . Julius Randle had the most well - rounded game for the Lakers on his way to 18 points , five rebounds , four assists and one steal . Both teams play on Tuesday , as the Lakers look for their fourth straight win hosting the Dallas Mavericks , while the Suns head north to take on the Portland Trail Blazers .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 53 - 9 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 25 - 36 ) 104 - 94 on Sunday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . The Spurs shot very well in this game , going 49 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 46 percent from the floor and just 38 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were led by the duo of Kawhi Leonard and DeMarcus Cousins . Cousins went 10 - for - 20 from the field to score 31 points , while also grabbing nine rebounds . He 's now combined for 37 points in the last two games , as he continues to be a force for the Kings . Leonard went 9 - for - 24 from the field and 1 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also grabbing 13 rebounds . It was the most points he 's had in the last four games . In Cousins 's third game with the team , he finished with 31 points ( 10 - 20 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 10 - 15 FT ) , nine rebounds and 0 blocked shots . The 31 points were a new season - high for him , while the double - double was his first since December seventeenth . While he did n't do too much on the offensive side of the ball with only seven points ( 1 - 5 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 0 - 0 FT ) , Boris Diaw came off the bench and recorded 11 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt ) , three rebounds and six assists as well . The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Kings will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Phoenix Suns , 120 - 105 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Sixers ( 3 - 10 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process '' slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Philadelphia , behind emerging star Joel Embiid , is starting to make some noise around the league . The latest team to get an up - close look at their improving squad was the Suns ( 4 - 10 ) , which came on the short of a 52 percent success rate from the field , and a serviceable 49 percent success rate from the field . Philadelphia was led by a pair of 27 - point efforts from Eric Bledsoe and Nik Stauskas , with the former also hauling in 7 - of - 18 assists , while the latter supplied two rebounds and a steal . Nik Stauskas generated 21 points , five assists , two rebounds and a steal . Dario Saric was actually second on the Sixers with a bench - leading 12 points , which he supplemented with 11 rebounds , two assists , four steals and four blocks . Sergio Rodriguez managed 8 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal , while Gerald Henderson provided 11 points , five rebounds , three steals and a block . Hollis Thompson paced the bench with 14 points , four rebounds and an assist . Phoenix remains in third place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They head home to face the Toronto Raptors on Sunday afternoon . Bledsoe paced the 76ers with 27 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , six assists and one block . Joel Embiid followed with 26 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Nik Stauskas compiled 21 points , two assists , two rebounds and one block . Dario Saric was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , seven rebounds , five assists , one block and one block . The Suns head to the Nation 's Capital to tangle with the Wizards on Tuesday night , while the Sixers also hit the road and face off with the Orlando Magic on Tuesday evening as well .
Win or lose , Anthony Davis has been posting historic numbers left and right this season . On Tuesday , that translated into 42 points and 13 rebounds en route to a shattering blowout of the visiting Minnesota Timberwolves . The game marked Davis 's third 42 - point outing in just 16 this season , a league - high . It was also Davis 's eighth double - double of the season . Davis has now scored 48 or more points in three of his last four comments , only failing to do so in a blowout in which he sat due to a minor injury . Thanks in large part to Davis 's 73 percent shooting performance from the victory , Minnesota was able to edge the Wolves ' team . Off the bench , sixth man Andrew Wiggins scored 29 points on 11 - of - 17 shooting . Bench guard Buddy Hield had 17 points on 7 - of - 10 shooting , while point guard Solomon Cunningham had 12 . The team shot just 46 percent and hit only four three - pointers . The Timberwolves will play in Portland on Tuesday , while the Timberwolves will travel to San Antonio on Wednesday to play the Spurs . The Pelicans will host the New York Knicks on Wednesday , as they will see the Knicks against the Portland Trail Blazers . The Pelicans have three days off before but they host the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . The Pelicans ( 20 - 34 ) had won four of their last five games headed into this matchup , so a near wire - to - wire win is all they could ask for . The first quarter is where they made their bread and butter , winning that quarter , 28 - 22 . New Orleans also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 43 - 34 . Anthony Holiday led the way for Minnesota , as he tallied 42 points , six rebounds and 12 assists . Ricky Rubio flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 15 points , nine rebounds and 12 assists .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 134 - 95 , at Toyota Center on Thursday . The Rockets ( 15 - 7 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process '' slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Houston , behind emerging star James , with an illness , and the Lakers ( 10 - 14 ) were able to pierce Houston 's armor Wednesday . James Harden led the way for the visitors with a near - double - double of 25 points , seven assists , six rebounds and four steals . Randle was next with 21 points , 10 rebounds and an assist . Ryan Anderson was next with 12 points , four rebounds , one assist and one steal . Clint Capela posted a 12 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , two steals and two blocks . Clint Capela filled out the stat sheet with 12 points , nine rebounds , three assists and two steals . Sam Dekker led the second unit with 12 points , four rebounds and four assists . Williams paced Los Angeles with 26 points , four rebounds and two assists . Julius Randle was next with a 21 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and two steals . Ryan Anderson matched Beverley 's scoring total and added four rebounds , one assist and one steal . Sam Dekker led the second unit with 12 points , eight rebounds and four assists . Harden paced Los Angeles with a 25 - point , 7 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds , four steals and one block . Randle posted a 21 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and two blocks . Anderson registered 12 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Los Angeles Lakers , 113 - 107 , at TD Garden on Friday . These two teams came into this matchup tied for the most wins in NBA history and the Celtics were able to pull ahead of the Lakers with this victory . The second quarter was the difference in the game , as Boston outscored Los Angeles , 33 - 21 . Defense was also key for the Celtics , as they held the Lakers to 39 percent from the field and 37 percent from three - point range . Boston shot 48 percent on their end and recorded 28 assists on their 39 made baskets . The Lakers ( 17 - 36 ) have now lost 10 of their last 12 games , as they ca n't get out of their own way . Lou Williams led Los Angeles in scoring , as he provided 21 points , four rebounds and four assists off the bench . D'Angelo Russell led the starters , collecting 20 points , six rebounds and six assists . Nick Young was the only other starter with more than four points , as he dropped 17 points to add to his three rebounds and three assists . Larry Nance Jr. recorded an 18 - point , 11 - rebound double - double off the bench . The Celtics ( 32 - 18 ) have rode Isaiah Thomas ' absurd fourth quarter numbers all season and he was at it yet again here . Thomas scored 38 of his 38 points in the fourth quarter , to go along with two rebounds and four assists . Al Horford flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 11 points , eight rebounds and eight assists . Jae Crowder was second on the team in scoring , totaling 18 points , six rebounds and two steals . Marcus Smart was a spark plug off the bench , accruing nine points , seven assists and five steals .
The Golden State Warriors ( 64 - 7 ) defeated the Los Angeles Clippers ( 43 - 27 ) 114 - 98 on Thursday night . There wasn’t much that was going to stop Golden State tonight , as they were clicking on all cylinders . The offense was especially good , as they shot 45 percent from the field and 75 percent from the free - throw line . The Warriors also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 50 - 46 . The Warriors have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Klay Thompson led the team with 32 points , while also providing four rebounds and three assists . DeAndre Jordan was the only other player who scored more than 12 , as he totaled 19 points , 20 rebounds , two blocks and two steals . The Warriors have a quick turnaround , as they play the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday in their next game . Golden State has been struggling recently , but they showed some great resiliency in this game against a talented LA team . DeAndre Jordan was a monster in the game , as he tallied 19 points , 20 rebounds and two blocks in the win . Klay Thompson also made his return from a one - game absence and that 's a silver lining in a tough result . The 12 - game winning streak is over , but it 's time to reflect and appreciate how special of a run that actually was . LA wo n't play again until Sunday when they take on the Phoenix Suns on the road .
Youngsters were on display in this matchup of struggling teams and Andrew Wiggins shined the brightest . Wiggins finished the game with 47 points and four rebounds on 14 - of - 21 shooting . He 's on quite the tear right now , as he has scored 111 points across his last three games . Karl-Anthony Towns played well too , as he accumulated 22 points and 12 rebounds on 7 - of - 22 shooting . That shooting percentage was especially encouraging , considering he was just 14 - of - 28 across his last two games . Luol Deng was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and three rebounds . Los Angeles will look to build off this win on Wednesday against the Atlanta Hawks . The Lakers ( 6 - 5 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Andrew Wiggins continued his great form , as he led the team with 47 points , four rebounds and three assists . Karl-Anthony Towns was second on the team , with his 22 points and 12 rebounds . Ricky Rubio flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 10 points , four rebounds and 10 assists in the defeat . Minnesota will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Charlotte Hornets . The Timberwolves ( 3 - 6 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league across their last 10 games and home blowouts like this are simply embarrassing . Andrew Wiggins led the team in scoring , as he tallied 47 points , four rebounds and three assists . Ricky Rubio was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 10 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Minnesota will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Phoenix Suns .
Chris Paul and DeAndre Jordan have been models of consistency all season for the Clippers , and while Tuesday 's double - doubles from each of the players was impressive , it was n't anything new for these teammates . For Paul , Tuesday 's game marked the eighth time this season where he reached at least 11 points and 13 assists , while Jordan not only achieved his fourth straight double - double , but Tuesday was also his 13th straight game with at least nine rebounds . He also has grabbed at least 13 rebounds in 13 of those 9 games . For the Spurs , trade rumors continue to swirl around shooting guard Jamal Crawford and rightfully so , as the reserve has now scored double - digit points in all but one game so far in December and has scored at least 11 points in eight of those outings , with his 17 points on Tuesday matching his season - high he has set twice this season already . Head coach Scott Brooks has said that he needs Paul on the floor to give the Clippers a chance of winning the game , but with Paul failing to take the floor in the paint , it was a bright spot for the Spurs . Paul went off for 32 points and six rebounds on 13 - of - 20 shooting in the contest against the Spurs , but the rest of the Spurs struggled to play well . Kawhi Leonard had a strong showing , finishing with 18 points , six rebounds and three assists on 7 - of - 20 shooting .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Dallas Mavericks 109 - 87 Tuesday at American Airlines Center . Despite playing their second game in a row and their third game in four days , the Rockets ( 17 - 7 ) had very little trouble handling the Mavericks ( 5 - 18 ) after a slow start to the regular season . Houston ( 17 - 7 ) snapped a three - game losing streak with an impressive win Wednesday . Seven players scored in double digits for the Rockets , led by starting point guard James Harden , who finished with 18 points on 4 - of - 12 shooting , including 2 - of - 8 from deep and 16 assists . Harrison Barnes was the high - point man for Dallas , with 20 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , along with eight rebounds , in 32 minutes off the bench . Trevor Ariza was solid with 17 points , seven rebounds and one assist , while Patrick Beverley added 15 points , seven rebounds , two assists and one steal . The Mavericks will look to get back on track as they play host to the Jazz on Monday . James Harden led the way for Houston , with 18 points , 16 assists , nine rebounds and two steals , in 40 minutes . Eric Gordon chipped in 18 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , in 26 minutes off the bench , while Eric Gordon chipped in 18 points , along with three rebounds and three assists . The Mavericks will look to bounce back as they visit Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Monday .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers , 106 - 94 , at United Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . This game was close throughout though , as there were six ties and 21 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 18 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , as Chicago recorded eight more assists than the Cavaliers , while committing five less turnovers . The Bulls ( 18 - 18 ) have been playing terribly recently , but a road win against the Cavaliers is just what they need to get going . Jimmy Butler struggled through the first three quarters , but finished the game with 20 points , six rebounds and eight assists , with 14 of those points coming in the fourth quarter . Taj Gibson went 9 - of - 10 from the field to collect 18 points and seven rebounds . Doug McDermott and Nikola Mirotic came off the bench to combine for 33 points and 10 rebounds . Chicago will host the Toronto Bulls for their next game on Saturday . The Cavaliers ( 26 - 8 ) had to play this game without Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving , as they simply did n't have enough in the tank to beat a hungry Bulls team . LeBron James had to carry the load , as he led the team with 31 points , eight rebounds and seven assists . Jordan McRae got the start for Irving and accrued 21 points , three rebounds , two assists and two blocks in the loss . Channing Frye was the only other starter with more than four points , as he amassed 15 points and five rebounds . Cleveland should fair better in their next game , as they take on the struggling Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Indiana Pacers , 100 - 99 , at AT & T Center on Tuesday . The Spurs were expected to win this game easily , but San Antonio fought back for a huge road win . The Pacers really turned it on in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Pacers , 27 - 23 . The offense was extremely efficient , as San Antonio shot 47 percent from the field , while recording 20 assists . San Antonio actually led for over 56 minutes of this game , as the Spurs never led by more than two points . Scoring down low was huge for San Antonio as well , as they outscored Indiana , 47 - 41 in the paint . Kawhi Leonard led the way for San Antonio , as he tallied 31 points , 11 rebounds , two assists and three steals . Paul George finished second on the team , accumulating 22 points , six rebounds , two assists and two blocks . David Lee was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 18 points , five rebounds and three steals . David Lee was a nice spark off the bench , scoring 18 points on 8 - of - 8 shooting . The Spurs will host the New York Knicks on Friday for their next game . The Spurs ( 46 - 13 ) have been a huge disappointment this season and this loss only adds to their struggles . David Lee had one of his best games of the season , as he led the team with 18 points and five rebounds on 8 - of - 11 shooting . Myles Turner was second on the team , totaling 16 points , six rebounds and three blocks . Myles Turner was second on the team , totaling 16 points , six rebounds and three steals .
The Boston Celtics defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 117 - 108 , at TD Garden on Saturday . The Celtics ( 23 - 14 ) learned earlier in the afternoon that they 'd play without Avery Bradley , who 'd tallied a team - high 26 points on Friday versus the Sixers . Marcus Smart entered the starting five in his stead and did n't disappoint , producing 22 points , six assists , five rebounds , two steals and a block . However , the high - scoring affair was a showcase for two of the game 's brightest stars , as Isaiah Thomas ( 38 points ) and Anthony Davis ( 36 points , 15 rebounds , two assists , two blocks ) put on a spectacular show on opposite ends of the court . Ultimately , a 36 - point third quarter by Boston did in the Pelicans ( 14 - 24 ) , which suffered their 13th road loss in 17 games this season . Langston Galloway was actually the second leading scorer on New Orleans in a bench role , posting 20 points , four rebounds and an assist over 22 minutes . Jrue Holiday was next with 13 points , five assists , two rebounds , two steals and a block . Rookie Buddy Hield totaled nine points , four rebounds and two assists , with all three of his baskets coming from three - point range . Donatas Motiejunas made his season debut and supplied 11 points , five boards , four assists and a steal over 20 minutes . Thomas added three rebounds , two steals and a block to his game - high scoring total , and was also notably 6 - of - 11 from behind the arc . Al Horford and Jae Crowder had matching eight - point efforts , with the former adding eight assists , seven rebounds and a pair of blocks , and the latter providing six rebounds , two assists and a steal . Gerald Green paced the bench with 15 points and three boards , while Kelly Olynyk offered 12 points , four assists and four rebounds in a reserve role as well . The Pelicans continue on their trek through the Northeast with a visit to the New York Knicks on Monday night , while the Celtics tangle with the Toronto Raptors north of the border on Tuesday evening .
The Chicago Bulls ( 35 - 33 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 33 - 36 ) 92 - 85 on Wednesday at the United Center in Chicago . The Bulls got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Jazz 57 - 49 in the first half . Along with their quick start , the Bulls also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 49 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Jazz went 41 percent from the floor and a meager 30 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Bulls also secured a 42 - 40 rebounding advantage . The Bulls were led by Derrick Favors , who went 11 - for - 18 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also adding six rebounds and two blocked shots . The double - double marked his ninth of the season thus far . The only other Hawk to reach double figures in points was Rodney Hood , who recorded 14 points ( 5 - 17 FG , 3 - 10 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) and three rebounds . Mack was able to get to the free throw line at a high rate , going 10 - for - 15 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 22 points in the final game . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Sacramento Kings on Friday , while the Jazz will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Friday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Orlando Magic , 128 - 104 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . The Rockets ( 38 - 17 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to right some of the ills that had plagued them over their previous seven games , a stretch in which they 'd suffered six defeats . The Rockets ( 20 - 17 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as Houston forced the Rockets into an uncharacteristic 16 turnovers and made the difference maker to the Rockets ' four - game win . Despite the defeat , the Magic tallied 49 and 24 percent success rates from the field and three - point range , respectively , and six players posted double - digit scoring . They played superbly on defense also , holding the Magic to just 65 points through three quarters . Serge Ibaka led the way for Orlando with 20 points , seven rebounds , four assists and two steals . Nikola Vucevic posted a 14 - point , 19 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , three steals and one block . Patrick Beverley supplied 14 points , seven assists , six rebounds and one steal . D.J. submitted a full stat line of 18 points , three rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Nene Hilario was productive in a reserve role as well with 13 points and five rebounds . The Magic were led by Serge Ibaka 's 28 points , which he supplemented with eight rebounds and one block . Evan Fournier contributed 21 points , three rebounds , two assists , one steal and one block . Patrick Beverley registered 14 points , seven assists , six rebounds and one steal . Nikola Capela tallied a 14 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , three blocks and one steal . Nene Hilario was productive in a reserve role as well with 13 points , three boards and one steal . The Rockets head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night , while the Rockets head to the Big Easy to face off with the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday evening as well .
The Philadelphia Nuggets ( 63 - 63 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 30 - 42 ) 104 - 104 on Wednesday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Nuggets got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 35 - 24 right away in the first quarter . They were the superior shooters as well , going 43 percent from the field , while the Nuggets finished at just 43 percent from the floor . Along with the hot start , the Nuggets out - rebounded the Nuggets 45 - 45 , giving them a hefty advantage , while also going a long way in making up for the 16 turnovers they committed . The Nuggets ' big three of Emmanuel Mudiay , Nikola Jokic and Emmanuel Mudiay were very efficient in this one . Mudiay went 10 - for - 23 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding four rebounds and four assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Nuggets ' seven - game win streak . Mudiay on the other hand finished with 27 points ( 10 - 23 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , 11 rebounds and four assists . It was his second straight night posting 18 points , as he 's a combined 16 - of - 27 from the field over the last two games . Nikola Jokic had a double - double of his own , as he recorded 112 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 8 - 12 FT ) and eight rebounds . It was his first double - double of the season , and he 's now combined for 55 points and 29 rebounds in his last two games .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 21 - 10 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 9 - 21 ) 102 - 98 on Wednesday at the Staples Center in Dallas . The Mavericks were down 81 - 78 following the third quarter , but were able to make a run in the final quarter , out - scoring the Lakers 30 - 36 to finish the game on the road . The Mavericks shot 51 percent from the field and 28 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers shot only 36 percent from the floor and a meager 38 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Mavericks also secured a 40 - 63 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Rajon Rondo and Monta Ellis . Rondo went 10 - for - 17 from the field and 1 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding seven rebounds and seven assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Mavericks ' seven - game win streak . Rondo on the other hand finished with 21 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 1 - 1 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) , eight rebounds and seven assists . He 's been on an absolute tear of late , posting four double - doubles in a row , while averaging 15 points and 13 rebounds over that span . He 's averaging 17 points and 17 rebounds on the season . Monta Ellis led the team in scoring , finishing with 15 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) , to go along with seven assists and three steals . He 's now pushed his season averages to 13 points , 3 rebounds and 7 assists per game on the year . The only other Net in double figures was Ed Chandler , who recorded 12 points ( 1 - 6 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 8 - 10 FT ) and 11 rebounds , while Ed Davis had 10 points ( 1 - 6 FG , 8 - 10 FT ) and 11 rebounds over 29 minutes . The Lakers ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Thursday , while the Lakers will be at home against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 0 - 2 ) 93 - 90 on Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . Despite being down 51 - 46 at halftime , the Clippers were able to out - score the Clippers 24 - 24 in the third quarter , giving them enough of an edge to get the victory on the road in Oklahoma City . The Clippers were led by a big game from Perry Jones , who went 10 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 32 points , to go along with seven rebounds and three assists . It was far - and - away his best game of the season so far , as it marked a new season - high in points for him , while also marking his first double - double since his first game of the season back in November . Perry Ibaka was dialed in with his shot , going 7 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 32 points in 33 minutes . It was the first time he 's reached double figures in points since the beginning of November , so the added minutes really helped him get things going . The only other Wizard to reach double - digit points was Sebastian Telfair , who came off the bench for 11 points ( 2 - 9 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 6 - 8 FT ) and two rebounds in 38 minutes . The Clippers ' next game will be on the road against the Sacramento Kings on Friday , while the Thunder will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Friday .
The Boston Celtics ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Philadelphia 76ers ( 0 - 1 ) 112 - 95 on Wednesday at the TD Garden in Philadelphia . This was a battle of current Eastern Conference bottom feeders , as both teams came in looking for their first victory of the 2014 - 13 season . In a sloppy game , both teams committed over 22 turnovers , but the Celtics were able to force the Sixers into 28 turnovers , while only committing 17 of their own . The Celtics were led by their starting backcourt of Isaiah Thomas and Isaiah Thomas . Thomas went 10 - for - 19 from the field and 1 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 27 points , while also adding seven assists and three steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he continues to be the team scoring leader . Isaiah Canaan shot a perfect 6 - for - 14 from the field and 4 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score 18 points , while also adding two assists . He 's now averaging 14 points and 6 rebounds on the season . Nerlens Noel was able to notch his fourth double - double of the season , as he finished with 14 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 4 - 7 FT ) and 13 rebounds . He was able to get to the free throw line 6 - of - 46 from the floor and 4 - for - 6 from the three - point line . Jae Crowder was the only other Celtic to reach double figures in points , finishing with 14 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and six rebounds in 31 minutes . The Celtics ' next game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Sixers will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Friday .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 4 - 21 ) got the win as they upset the Milwaukee Bucks ( 10 - 16 ) by a score of 113 - 95 . This was only the Lakers third win of the season but a vintage performance from Kobe Bryant made it one that Bucks fans and basketball fans can appreciate nonetheless . Kobe scored 16 of his 22 points in the fourth quarter , but it was a strong 22 - 30 start by the Lakers that gave them the advantage they needed to come out on top . After going back and forth Los Angeles led 99 - 98 with 1:8 left in the game but Kobe came up clutch with a couple jumpers in the last minute to seal the deal . Kobe came out blazing with 16 points in the first half and led the Lakers on the night with a total of 22 points on 7 - 15 shooting , including 2 - 7 from deep , along with seven assists and four rebounds , in 27 minutes . Five other players scored in double digits for Los Angeles , including Michael Carter-Williams , who chipped in 19 points ( 9 - 18 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , along with five rebounds , five assists , two steals and one block , in 25 minutes off the bench . Giannis Antetokounmpo notched a double - double with 15 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 4 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and five assists , along with six rebounds and five steals , in 31 minutes . Khris Middleton chipped in 16 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , four assists , two rebounds and two steals , in 30 minutes . Lou Williams dropped 16 points ( 4 - 9 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt ) , along with three rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 32 minutes off the bench . Roy Hibbert finished the game with a double - double consisting of 12 points and 14 rebounds , along with three steals and one assist , in 35 minutes . The Bucks shot a poor 47 percent from the field and are continuing to struggle on both ends of the floor . The Bucks have now lost two in a row . The Bucks will look to bounce back as they visit Milwaukee to take on the Bucks on Monday .
The Washington Wizards ( 17 - 6 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 6 - 18 ) 93 - 84 on Saturday . Washington stopped the bleeding from their three - game losing streak with the win and ended their five - game West Conference road trip on a high note . John Wall paced the Wizards with a double - double of 16 points and eight assists . While they shot a respectable 49 percent from the field , the Wizards allowed the Wizards to stay in the game by coughing up 17 turnovers and giving up 29 easy points off of 17 turnovers . Washington will return home to host the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday . Utah has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Jazz will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Jazz have the right guys to build a winning team around . Bradley Beal paced the Wizards with 22 points , going 2 - for - 5 from the field and also chipped in seven rebounds , four assists and two steals in 34 minutes . Enes Kanter had a nice game off the bench , scoring 10 points and grabbing three boards in 12 minutes . Up next , the Wizards will travel to Indiana Friday to take on the Pacers , while the Jazz will head to Boston to go up against the Celtics .
The New Orleans Pelicans ( 18 - 28 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 12 - 36 ) 105 - 103 on Tuesday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn . Using a big second quarter , where they outscored the Nets 28 - 29 , the Pelicans were able to hold off the late comeback , and secure a victory in front of their home fans . The Pelicans were the superior shooters in this game , going 46 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets finished at 48 percent from the floor and just 45 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , Brook Lopez backed his words up , as he finished with a game - high of 33 points ( 13 - 23 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 7 - 12 FT ) , while also adding 10 rebounds , three assists and three steals . He 's been on fire the last two games , combining to go 23 - for - 26 from the field and 1 - for - 9 from the three - point line over his last two games , but he continues to find his teammates at a high rate with 34 assists over those last three as well . Thaddeus Young added a double - double of his own , finishing with 16 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and eight rebounds . He 's had a very strong stretch of three games , where he 's averaging 26 points and nine rebounds . Davis , on the other hand , finished with 20 points ( 9 - 22 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and 16 rebounds , giving him his fourth double - double in the last six games . He 's also combined for 83 points in the previous three outings , exemplifying just how hot Lopez is at the moment . Anthony Davis also had a productive night , going 9 - for - 22 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding 16 rebounds . It was his second straight double - double and fourth in the last five games , as he continues to be a force this season . Ellington was also very efficient on the defensive side of the ball , notching a season - high of seven steals in the win . Coming off the bench , Wayne Ellington went 6 - for - 13 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 18 points in 33 minutes . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only six points on Sunday . Coming off the bench , Wayne Ellington went 6 - for - 13 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score 18 points in 33 minutes . Shane Larkin had a big showing off the bench with 13 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) in 29 minutes . Tyreke Evans had the next two double - double with N/A points ( 7 - 11 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and eight rebounds . The
The Atlanta Hawks ( 34 - 28 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 12 - 51 ) 106 - 77 on Wednesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta . The Hawks got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Lakers 26 - 19 in the first quarter alone . The Hawks were the superior shooters , going 54 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Lakers went 34 percent from the floor and just 19 percent from beyond the arc . The Hawks also forced the Lakers into 10 turnovers , while committing 10 of their own . The Hawks were led by the duo of Julius Randle and Dennis Schroder . Randle went 7 - for - 14 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 16 points , while also adding 10 rebounds and 0 blocked shots . It was a season - high in points for him and a nice surprise for the Hawks , as he 's averaging only 8 points per game so far this season . Nearly recording a triple - double , Julius Randle had a very impressive performance . He finished with 16 points ( 7 - 6 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 1 - 1 FT ) , 10 rebounds and three blocked shots before fouling out . It was a nice bounce back game for him after scoring only seven points on Sunday . Coming off the bench , Kris Humphries was able to score 14 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) in 18 minutes . The Hawks ' next game will be on the road against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Lakers will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 42 - 22 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 27 - 40 ) 101 - 94 on Thursday at the Staples Center . It 's rare to see the Knicks and Clippers match up this late in the season with a combined winning percentage under 30 , but that 's the way this season is going for both teams . Chris Paul and Kristaps Porzingis led the Clippers in scoring with 23 and 23 points respectively , but DeAndre Jordan was able to contribute a double - double of 10 points and 19 rebounds . JJ Reddick was a bright spot for the Knicks , as he led the team with 20 points and two rebounds off the bench . JJ Reddick had a solid shooting night , scoring 17 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting , to go along with six rebounds and four assists . The bench was eventful , seeing as Rick Carlisle used eight players sporadically through the game , and once the blowout was on , he turned to Arron Rivers early in the game . The veteran point guard finished with 20 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting , four assists and six rebounds in 43 minutes . Jeff Green scored 17 points on 6 - of - 11 shooting in 45 minutes of action , while Derrick Williams scored 13 points on 4 - of - 9 shooting in just under 23 minutes . Up next , the Clippers will stay home and take on the 76ers on Wednesday , while the Knicks will travel to Los Angeles Sunday to take on the Lakers .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 26 - 16 ) defeated the Utah Jazz ( 14 - 27 ) 89 - 69 on Monday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . In a tight battle between two of the more experienced teams in the league , the Spurs were able to hold on in the fourth quarter to secure the five - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Spurs shot 39 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line , while the Jazz shot 33 percent from the floor and just 30 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were also able to force the Jazz into 12 turnovers , while only committing 10 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . This win marks a league - leading eigth straight victory for the Spurs . Rudy Gobert led the way offensively for the Spurs posting 13 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 3 - 5 FT ) , 18 rebounds and four blocked shots . He 's been on a roll over his last two games , shooting a combined 17 - for - 23 from the field and 11 - for - 28 from the three - point line over his last two games , as he 'll look to continue with his hot shooting moving forward . Recording his second double - double in his last three games , Danny Green went off for 12 points ( 0 - 10 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and a pair of assists off the bench . Rudy Duncan was the only other Spurs player to reach double figures in points , as he finished with 11 points ( 3 - 8 FG , 5 - 5 FT ) , six rebounds and four assists . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Jazz will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Friday .
The Phoenix Suns defeated the Toronto Raptors , 99 - 91 , at Golden 5 Center on Saturday afternoon . The Suns ( 10 - 23 ) had come in to Saturday 's game on somewhat of a high note by their standards , as they 'd notched two of their 27 victories on the season within the previous seven games . They played an inspired first half as well , jumping out to a 33 - 18 lead after one quarter . However , the Suns ( 22 - 10 ) regrouped at halftime , coming out of halftime , establishing a 38 - point lead by the end of the first quarter . Tough defense was the story for Phoenix , as they held the Raptors to just 40 percent shooting and outrebounded them 47 - 43 . DeMar DeRozan spearheaded the attack with 24 points , five rebounds , two assists and three steals . Devin Booker was next with 19 points , five rebounds , five assists and one steal . Devin Booker tallied 19 points , five boards , five assists and one steal . Cory Joseph submitted a 15 - point , 1 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds and one block . Cory Joseph was productive as well with a full stat line of 15 points , six rebounds , one assist and one block . Tyler Ulis provided 10 points , eight assists , two rebounds and one steal in 25 minutes off the bench . Kyle Lowry followed with 24 points , five rebounds , five assists , two steals and one block . Devin Booker tallied 19 points , five boards , five assists and one steal . Cory Joseph provided 10 points , two rebounds , one assist and one steal . Cory Joseph submitted a 15 - point , 1 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds and one assist . Cory Joseph was productive as well with 15 points , five assists and four rebounds . The Raptors head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Sunday night , while the Raptors remain home to face off with the OKC Thunder on Sunday evening .
Russell Westbrook 's sixth triple - double spearheaded the win . The perennial All-Star was only 8 - of - 17 from the floor but managed 23 points , 10 assists , six rebounds and three steals . Kent Bazemore followed with 22 points , and Jeff Teague chipped in with 18 . Steven Adams produced a 11 - point , 7 - rebound double - double . Thabo Sefolosha led the second unit with 11 points . Kent Bazemore 's 22 points led Atlanta . Jeff Teague followed with 18 points , while Kyle Korver poured in 12 . Steven Adams produced a near double - double of 11 points and seven boards . Thabo Sefolosha posted nine points on 5 - of - 8 shooting . Thabo Sefolosha ( 11 points , three rebounds , two steals and one assist ) and Dion Sefolosha ( nine points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal ) co - led the Atlanta bench , who provided all five of their scoring performances from the starting five . Dion Waiters went scoreless over 31 minutes , contributing a game - high 1 - of - 22 from the field . Jeff Teague filled out the stat sheet with 18 points , four rebounds , four assists and two steals . Thabo Sefolosha registered 11 points , three rebounds , an assist and four steals . Thabo Sefolosha pitched in with a 11 - point , 3 - rebound double - double off the bench as well . Atlanta remains in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division , and are 8 games behind the eighth - seeded Dallas Mavericks . They head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Monday night .
The Toronto Raptors ( 46 - 21 ) defeated the host Indiana Pacers ( 36 - 32 ) 101 - 94 , on Sunday at Air Canada Center . This was the first match up of the season between these two teams . The streaking Raptors led the entire game and were up by 33 points with only six minutes left in the fourth quarter but the Raptors battled back to make it a two - point game with 2:56 to go . Both teams went scoreless from then until J.J Ellis hit a clutch three - pointer with just over :30 remaining in the go - up with a second - left bucket from Paul Lowry , and George knocked down a couple of throws on the other end to seal the victory . George Hill had 28 points ( 9 - 26 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 10 - 12 FT ) , five rebounds , three assists and one blocked shot , in 42 minutes . Paul George chipped in 18 points , nine rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block before he left the game after 17 minutes of play , with a lower leg contusion . The only other Pacer to score in double figures was C.J . Miles , who added 13 points , in 12 minutes off the bench . The Raptors shot 36 percent from the field and 32 percent from long range , while they held the Pacers to a meager 39 percent from the field . Kyle Lowry led the Pacers in scoring with 28 points ( 8 - 21 FG , 4 - 11 3Pt , 8 - 9 FT ) , along with eight rebounds , four assists and three steals , in 43 minutes . Paul George finished with 18 points , four rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block , in 42 minutes , while George Hill finished with 18 points , two rebounds , two assists and one block , in 41 minutes . George Hill finished with 18 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , two rebounds and two assists , in 41 minutes , while Myles Turner tallied a double - double with 9 points and 25 rebounds , along with two blocked shots , two blocked shots and one assist , in 18 minutes . The Pacers will begin a three - game road trip in Boston on Sunday . The Raptors host the 76ers on Monday .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 20 - 20 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 12 - 21 ) 110 - 103 on Monday at the Pepsi Center in Portland . The Blazers were down 81 - 78 following the third quarter , but were able to make a run in the final quarter , out - scoring the Nuggets 26 - 32 to finish off the game and secure the four - point victory on the road . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets went 43 percent from the floor and just 44 percent from deep . C.J . McCollum was huge in this one , as he went 12 - for - 19 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 29 points , while also adding four assists in that stretch . It was far - and - away his best game of the year so far , as it marked a new season - high in points , along with being his first double - double of the year . He 's averaging just 6 points and five rebounds on the season . Maurice Harkless was also very efficient , as he went 6 - for - 14 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding five rebounds and two steals . He 's now averaging 14 points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Gary Harris shot 6 - for - 9 from the field and 2 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 11 points in 22 minutes . The Trail Blazers ' next game will be on the road against the Sacramento Kings on Friday , while the Nuggets will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Friday .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 98 - 84 , at Moda Center on Wednesday evening . The Trail Blazers ( 2 - 2 ) utilized a balanced attack and a solid shooting night to withstand a strong push from the Clippers ( 2 - 2 ) in the middle quarters . They outscored the Clippers ( 2 - 2 ) by a 21 - 21 margin in the first quarter to seal the win . The Blazers shot 41 percent from the field overall , as well as a superb 42 percent on their attempts from behind the arc . Portland was led by Al-Farouq Aminu 's 30 points , which he supplemented with 10 rebounds , three assists and three blocks . However , the other four members of the first unit - - Austin Harkless , Maurice Harkless , J.J. Redick and JJ Redick . J.J. Redick followed with a near double - double of 17 points , nine rebounds and a pair of steals , while Maurice Harkless , J.J. Redick and Damian Lillard tallied a pair of 20 - point efforts . Damian Lillard turned in a modest eight points ( 3 - 13 FG ) , while Ed Davis filled up the stat sheet with 4 points , 12 rebounds , three assists , three blocks and a steal . Allen Crabbe paced the second unit with 12 points . The Blazers dropped to 2 - 2 and remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Pacific Division . They head to Memphis to face the Grizzlies on Monday . Blake Griffin led the way for Portland with 17 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Jeff Green was next with 17 points , five rebounds and two assists . Mason Plumlee supplied a near double - double , registering 2 points , 14 rebounds , 10 assists and three blocks . Allen Crabbe paced the second unit with 12 points , two rebounds and a block . The Blazers head back home to take on the Los Angeles Clippers on Saturday night , while the Clippers head to Los Angeles to take on the Lakers on Monday night .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 27 - 16 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 18 - 24 ) 109 - 99 on Sunday night . In a battle between two potent offenses , the defenses were on display . San Antonio absolutely stifled the Nuggets , as they held them to 47 percent shooting from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was a big difference as well , with the Spurs snatching down 44 boards to the Nuggets 42 . This loss cracked a seven - game winning streak for the Nuggets , so losing in the second end of a back - to - back is nothing to be upset about . Kenneth Faried was the hero though , as he scored a game - high 26 points to go along with 14 rebounds . Tim Duncan was second on the team , with his 16 points and five rebounds . Jusuf Nurkic was the only other player in double figures , totaling 10 points , nine rebounds and two assists in the win . Aron Baynes was great off the bench , as he provided 15 points and four rebounds in the win . The Spurs will look to keep the momentum going against these same Nuggets on Tuesday in their next game . San Antonio didn’t play their best game , but they are now 370 at their home building . Kenneth Faried was a beast , as he tallied 26 points , 14 rebounds and four blocks in the win . Arron Afflalo flirted with a triple - double off the bench , as he finished with 21 points , four rebounds and three assists . Denver will look to bounce back on Sunday in their next game when they play the Denver Nuggets .
The Spurs were expected to win this game easily , but it took a monster second half to do so . In fact , San Antonio outscored New York , 54 - 67 , in the second half . Defense was key , as they held New York to 47 percent shooting and forced them to commit 16 turnovers . Kawhi Leonard carried the load , as he tallied 29 points , five rebounds , five assists and two steals on 11 - of - 18 shooting . Derrick Rose was second on the team , as he accrued 24 points , five rebounds and five assists . Kristaps Porzingis shot just 3 - of - 8 from the field , but still collected 12 points , five rebounds and two assists . Mindaugas Kuzminskas provided 19 points and six rebounds off the pine as well . Mindaugas Kuzminskas led the team in scoring , dropping 19 points on 8 - of - 12 shooting . On deck for New York is a home matchup against the Houston Rockets on Friday . The Spurs ( 56 - 16 ) have now won six of their last six games , as they continue to climb up the Western Conference ladder . Derrick Rose led the team in scoring , as he provided 24 points , five rebounds and five assists . LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other starter with more than four points , as he accrued 19 points , 10 rebounds and two assists . Mindaugas Kuzminskas got the start for Plumlee and accrued 19 points , four rebounds and seven assists . On deck for New York is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 39 - 40 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 15 - 64 ) 99 - 91 on Monday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee . The Bucks were the superior shooters in this game , going 49 percent from the field and 35 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went just 47 percent from the floor and a meager 39 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Bucks also secured a 33 - 42 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Bucks were led by the duo of Giannis Antetokounmpo and Khris Middleton . Antetokounmpo went 7 - for - 14 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 23 points , while also adding nine rebounds and 1 blocked shots . The double - double marked his ninth of the season thus far . The only other Hawk to reach double figures in points was Lou Amundson , who recorded 10 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 5 FT ) , 11 rebounds and two steals . He 's combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Bucks ' seven - game win streak . Middleton on the other hand went 9 - for - 16 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 22 points . He also came pretty close to a triple - double with seven rebounds and four assists . Coming off the bench , Shane Larkin added 14 points ( 5 - 6 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and five assists . The Knicks ' next game will be at home against the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 25 - 35 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 29 - 31 ) 128 - 121 on Wednesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee . The Bucks were the superior shooters in this game , going 59 percent from the field and 53 percent from the three - point line , while the Rockets went 47 percent from the floor and a meager 42 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Bucks also secured a 42 - 41 rebounding advantage . The Bucks were led by the duo of Jabari Parker and Dwight Howard . Howard went 12 - for - 19 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 30 points , while also grabbing 13 rebounds . Continuing to show himself as one of the best centers in the league , it was Howard 's third straight double - double . Middleton on the other hand , went 7 - for - 10 from the field and 1 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 36 points . He was able to get to the line seven times , converting on a perfect 15 - of - 15 . He also had four rebounds and five assists . The only other Rocket to reach double figures was Josh Smith , who scored 23 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) , while adding three assists . The Bucks ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Rockets will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday .
Very little separated these teams in the box score , as they stayed close all evening long . Ball movement was key for Los Angeles , as they assisted on nearly 75 percent of their made baskets . Anthony Bryant carried the load , as he tallied N/A points , 11 rebounds and four assists . Jordan Clarkson was second on the team , with 18 points and four rebounds on 8 - of - 14 shooting . D'Angelo Russell amassed 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . Bryce Dejean-Jones was a nice spark off the bench , as he provided 17 points and nine rebounds . On deck for the Pelicans is a road matchup with the Denver Nuggets on Sunday . The Pelicans ( 18 - 41 ) are now below .500 across their last 11 games , with this loss being the worst of the season . Anthony Davis did all he could to keep New Orleans hanging around , as he accumulated 39 points , 11 rebounds , four steals and three blocks in the defeat . Jrue Holiday was equally as valuable , amassing 19 points , four rebounds and nine assists of his own . The bench was a huge spark as well , as Jordan Dejean-Jones , Bryce Dejean-Jones and Bryce Dejean-Jones all scored in double figures off the bench . Nick Young led the starters , as he dropped 17 points on 7 - of - 14 shooting . Los Angeles will be in action again on Saturday in a home matchup against the Toronto Raptors . The Pelicans ( 11 - 31 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to fall down the standings . Anthony Davis once again led the team in scoring , as he accumulated 27 points , 12 rebounds and three steals . Jrue Holiday was second on the team , collecting 19 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Julius Randle was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 11 points , eight rebounds and three assists .
The Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Denver Nuggets 111 - 108 at Target Center on Sunday . Karl-Anthony Towns led the way for Minnesota 15 - 28 ) after putting up 32 points , to go with 12 rebounds , seven assists and four blocks in the impressive all around effort . The back and forth affair came down to the wire , as the Nuggets ( 18 - 24 ) were within striking distance until the final seconds of regulation . Following a pair of Tyus Jones free throws , Jameer Nelson answered for Denver with a driving layup to bring the score within one point . Andrew Wiggins went on to miss one of the free throws on the following possession , but Nelson was unable to hit the 17 - foot jumper and the Timberwolves came away with the win . Wiggins knocked down 10 shots and finished with 24 points , while Kris Dunn added 10 points , nine assists , eight rebounds and three steals across 34 minutes . Shabazz Muhammad contributed 20 points on 9 - of - 14 shooting to lead the Minnesota bench . As for the Nuggets , Gary Harris led the way with 22 points , while Jamal Murray had an efficient outing across 20 minutes , as the rookie posted 17 points , five rebounds and three assists . Both teams play on Wednesday , as the Timberwolves visit the Phoenix Suns , while the Nuggets host the Utah Jazz . Minnesota ( 16 - 25 ) led the way for the Timberwolves in their losing effort , as they have now lost six of their last seven contests . The Nuggets have struggled on the road all season , going just 4 - of - 26 from three - point range .
The Phoenix Suns ( 10 - 13 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 12 - 10 ) 107 - 104 on Friday at Talking Stick Resort Arena in Orlando . The Suns got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Suns 21 - 24 in the first quarter alone . They were superior shooters in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 25 percent from the three - point line , while the Magic went 47 percent from the floor and 48 percent from beyond the arc . The Magic were led by the duo of Eric Bledsoe and Brandon Knight . Bledsoe went 8 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding six assists . He 's now combined for 52 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Suns ' seven - game win streak . Bledsoe on the other hand , added 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) of his own , to go along with three rebounds and two assists . He 's played well of late , averaging 15 points over his last three games , while shooting 55 percent or higher from the field in four of his last five games . Brandon Knight led the team in scoring , going 8 - for - 16 from the field and 0 - for - 5 from beyond the arc to score 21 points . The Suns ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Magic will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 22 - 16 ) defeated the host Minnesota Timberwolves ( 5 - 29 ) 113 - 111 , on Friday night at Target Center . The Timberwolves came out to play in this one , as they stayed neck - and - neck with the Timberwolves right to the wire . The score was 59 - 69 for Minnesota at half but Minnesota came out tough in the third quarter , out - scoring the Timberwolves 50 - 41 , therefore securing a five - point victory on the road in Indianapolis . The Suns were the superior shooters in this game , going 48 percent from the field and 19 percent from the three - point line , while the Timberwolves went 48 percent from the floor and 41 percent from beyond the arc . The Suns were able to force the Timberwolves into 24 turnovers , while only committing 13 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . This win marks a league - leading eigth straight victory for the Timberwolves . Mo Williams led the team in scoring , going 7 - for - 14 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 23 points , while adding three rebounds , 11 assists and a steal . He 's played some of his best basketball of the season right now , averaging 13 points over his last five games . Gerald Green had a big game as well , posting 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 3 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and three rebounds . It was his second straight night with 21 points , as he 's a combined 14 - of - 33 from the field over the last two games . Eric Bledsoe struggled with his shot ( 7 - 17 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , but did it on the offensive side of the ball . He went 7 - for - 17 from the floor and 0 - for - 2 from beyond the arc to score 17 points . After struggling with his shot on Friday , it was a nice bounce back game for him . The only other starter to reach double figures in points was Markieff Morris , who had 13 points ( 6 - 13 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) in 35 minutes . Markieff Morris had the most success for the Timberwolves , going 7 - for - 17 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 14 points , while also adding seven rebounds as well . He 's now averaging 14 points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , Gerald Green shot 5 - for - 33 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while adding three rebounds . The Suns ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Friday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Utah Jazz on Friday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 17 - 37 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 26 - 28 ) 115 - 97 on Monday . The statistics would indicate a Chicago win , but that simply wasn’t the case . Phoenix shot 51 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range , while the Bulls shot 43 percent from the field and 26 percent from beyond the arc . The Bulls also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 43 - 41 . The Suns have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Devin Booker was spectacular in this game , as he tallied 27 points , five rebounds and four assists in the defeat . Alan Williams recorded another double - double off the bench , as he scored 14 points to go along with 11 boards . Phoenix 's next game will be on the road , as they play the Washington Wizards on Tuesday . The Bulls ( 17 - 37 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Devin Booker continued his great form , as he accumulated 27 points , five rebounds and eight assists in the defeat . Dwyane Wade was second on the team , as he scored 18 points on 7 - of - 16 shooting . Jimmy Butler was the only other Chicago player in double figures , as he accumulated 20 points , three rebounds and six assists . Doug McDermott and Robin Lopez came off the bench to score 14 points a piece .
The Miami Heat defeated the Phoenix Suns , 112 - 97 , at American Airlines Arena on Tuesday . Miami were expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with a dominating second half . In fact , the Heat won the two middle quarters , 61 - 37 , while the Suns could never get within double - digits in the second half . Rebounding was a huge factor , with Miami winning that battle , 51 - 40 . They also destroyed the Suns through three - point shooting , as the Heat hit 11 - of - 27 , while Phoenix went just 4 - of - 16 from long range . A 24 - 15 turnover margin really killed the Suns as well , with the Heat recording 13 steals . The Suns ( 22 - 49 ) have now lost five - straight games , as they continue to look forward to the offseason . Devin Booker really struggled , as he tallied 11 points , four rebounds and five assists , but committed seven turnovers on 4 - of - 16 shooting . Marquese Chris led the team in scoring , amassing 24 points and seven rebounds on 7 - of - 9 from the field . Alex Len recorded a double - double , totaling 12 points , 11 rebounds and four blocks . Phoenix has a decent chance to snap this slide in their next game , as they take on the Brooklyn Nets on Thursday . The Heat ( 35 - 36 ) have now won 24 of their last 30 games , as Miami have become one of the most dangerous teams in the league . Hassan Whiteside led the way for Miami , as he accumulated 23 points , 14 rebounds , three steals and two blocks . Goran Dragic finished second among starters , picking up 16 points , four rebounds , two assists and two steals . Tyler Johnson was huge off the bench , providing 17 points , six rebounds , four assists and five steals . The Heat will look to keep rolling on Thursday against the Toronto Raptors .
The Denver Nuggets defeated the host Brooklyn Nets , 129 - 109 , at Barclay 's Center on Sunday . In a battle between two of the worst defenses in the NBA , the more potent offense was able to prevail with a victory . Denver was hitting on all cylinders offensively , as they hit 51 percent of their shots in their win . Rebounding was the decisive statistic , with the Nuggets winning that battle , 51 - 42 . Free-throw shooting also also killed the Nets , as they shot 55 percent from the field and 71 percent from the free - throw line . Denver ( 26 - 32 ) has struggled on the road all season and this sort of loss only adds to those deficiencies . Not one of the five starters played well , as none of them surpassed 17 points , six rebounds or three assists . Caris LeVert was the player of the game , as he led the starters with 24 points , eight rebounds and three assists on 11 - of - 21 shooting . Brook Lopez finished with a double - double , totaling 17 points , two rebounds and three assists . Mason Plumlee was the only other starter in double figures , totaling 12 points , 12 rebounds and eight assists . Wilson Chandler led the Nuggets in scoring , as he totaled 24 points and three rebounds on 11 - of - 21 shooting . Mason Plumlee recorded a 12 - point , 12 - rebound double - double . On deck for Brooklyn is a road matchup against the Orlando Magic on Monday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 99 - 93 , at Wells Fargo Center on Wednesday . The Timberwolves ( 8 - 6 ) have been mocked for some time for the `` Trust the Process '' slogan that has become associated with their seemingly never - ending string of losing seasons . However , that phrase seems to be carrying a little more weight these days , as Minnesota , behind emerging star Karl-Anthony Towns , is starting to be sidelined with an Achilles injury . However , the Celtics ( 8 - 9 ) were able to pierce Boston 's armor Wednesday , touching up Gregg Popovich 's crew for a season - high 93 points . Boston was led by Isaiah Thomas 's 29 points , which he supplemented with seven assists , two rebounds and a steal . Andrew Wiggins was right behind him with 14 points , four rebounds and an assist . Zach LaVine was next with 11 points , four assists , three rebounds , a steal and a block . Marcus Smart drew another start in place of Avery Isaiah ( Achilles ) and posted 13 points , six rebounds and five assists . Terry Rozier turned in 12 points , four rebounds and two assists . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 12 points , four rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Karl-Anthony Towns paced Boston with 27 points , 18 rebounds , three assists and two blocks . Gorgui Dieng posted a 20 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , three blocks and a steal . Avery Bradley pitched in with 13 points , three rebounds and one assist . Terry Rozier led the second unit with 12 points , four rebounds , two assists and a steal . Gorgui Bjelica provided 11 points , a rebound , an assist , a steal and a block , while Nemanja Bjelica led the bench with 10 points , a rebound and a steal . The Celtics remain in second place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division , and are currently slotted in the fourth seed in the conference as well . They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Monday night .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the host Toronto Raptors , 123 - 102 , at Air Canada Center on Thursday . It 's rare to see Toronto dominated in its home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , this was a wire - to - wire win for Oklahoma City , as they led by at least 19 points for the entirety of the fourth quarter . Shooting was key , with the Thunder shooting 53 percent from the field and 56 percent from three - point range . The Raptors could only muster up 46 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range . Rebounding was decisive as well , with Oklahoma City winning that battle , 47 - 32 . The 33 assists recorded by the Thunder dominated the 15 dished out by Toronto too . The Thunder ( 39 - 29 ) have now won three - straight games , as they continue to ride Russell Westbrook 's heavy shoulders . Westbrook picked up his 34th triple - double of the season in this win , as he collected 24 points , 10 rebounds and 16 assists . Victor Oladipo was just behind Westbrook , totaling 23 points , five rebounds and two assists . Enes Kanter was a huge spark off the bench , providing 14 points and seven rebounds . Taj Gibson , Alex Abrines and Steven Adams each scored 10 points a piece . On deck for the Thunder is a home matchup against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . The Raptors ( 39 - 29 ) continue to struggle without Kyle Lowry and home losses like this show just how much his absence hurts this team . DeMar DeRozan carried the load . as he tallied 22 points , three rebounds and three assists . Cory Joseph accrued 11 points , six assists and two steals . Norman Powell finished second on the team in scoring , dropping 13 points and four rebounds off the bench . Toronto will be in action again on Friday , as they play the Detroit Pistons on the road for their next game .
Youngsters were on display in this matchup of struggling teams and Andrew Wiggins shined the brightest . Wiggins finished the game with 47 points and four rebounds on 14 - of - 21 shooting . He 's on quite the tear right now , as he has scored 111 points across his last three games . Karl-Anthony Towns played well too , as he accumulated 22 points and 12 rebounds on 7 - of - 22 shooting . That shooting percentage was especially encouraging , considering he was just 14 - of - 28 across his last two games . Luol Deng was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and three rebounds . Los Angeles will look to build off this win on Wednesday against the Atlanta Hawks . The Lakers ( 6 - 5 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Andrew Wiggins continued his great form , as he led the team with 47 points , four rebounds and three assists . Karl-Anthony Towns was second on the team , with his 22 points and 12 rebounds . Ricky Rubio flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 10 points , four rebounds and 10 assists in the defeat . Minnesota will look to play better on Thursday in a road matchup against the Charlotte Hornets . The Timberwolves ( 3 - 6 ) have been one of the worst teams in the league across their last 10 games and home blowouts like this are simply embarrassing . Andrew Wiggins led the team in scoring , as he tallied 47 points , four rebounds and three assists . Ricky Rubio was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 10 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Minnesota will look to keep rolling on Wednesday against the Phoenix Suns .
The Miami Heat ( 48 - 32 ) defeated the Miami Heat ( 35 - 45 ) 107 - 104 at American Airlines Arena on Monday . The Heat came into this game as a double - digit favorite and simply couldn’t hold off a bad Raptors team . The key for Miami was their shooting , as they shot 42 percent from the field and 35 percent from three - point range , while the Heat shot 46 percent from the field and 30 percent from long distance . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with the Heat winning that battle , 47 - 47 . Miami also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 47 - 47 . The Raptors have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Lou Williams was the only bright spot for Miami , as he tallied 29 points and two assists off the bench . Goran Dragic also played well , accumulating 22 points , five assists and four steals . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , as he totaled 16 points and 18 rebounds in the victory . The Heat will look to keep this momentum going against the Indiana Pacers on Monday . The Heat only got to the free - throw line just 17 times , but shot a poor 42 percent from the field . The defense was the biggest issue , as the Heat committed just seven turnovers , while forcing just 7 of their own . The Raptors have been playing some of the best basketball in the NBA over recent weeks and they showed why in this win . Dwyane Wade was the star , as he scored a team - high 30 points and also provided six rebounds and five assists . Miami will look to build on this win Wednesday against the Orlando Magic in their next matchup .
The Charlotte Hornets ( 3 - 4 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 4 - 3 ) 104 - 95 on Monday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . Right from the tip - off , the Hornets were clearly the better offensive team in this one . They capped off the first half with a 48 - 39 point lead , giving them enough of an advantage to coast to a victory on the road . They shot 49 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line , compared to the Timberwolves , who shot only 45 percent from the floor and 47 percent from beyond the arc . Zach LaVine led the way , going 9 - for - 19 from the floor and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 20 points . He 's now averaging 18 points per game on the season . Despite struggling with his shot , Nicolas Batum was also able to post a double - double , recording 17 points ( 6 - 11 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , six rebounds and three assists . He 's played well of late , averaging 19 points over his last five games . Cody Zeller chipped in with 14 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 4 - 6 FT ) and six rebounds over 24 minutes as well . The Hornets ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Timberwolves will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday .
The Indiana Pacers ( 22 - 19 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 16 - 25 ) 126 - 129 on Tuesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Indiana . The Pacers were the superior shooters in this game , going 59 percent from the field and 45 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets went just 28 percent from the floor and a meager 28 percent from beyond the arc . Despite out - rebounding the Pacers 42 - 42 , they turned the ball over 17 times , which may have been the difference in this one . The Pacers were led by Monta Ellis , who shot 10 - for - 17 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 24 points , while also adding six assists and a pair of rebounds . His points total was a season - high for him , as he was able to get his teammates involved in the blowout win . Paul George had a solid showing as well , going 6 - for - 12 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 19 points , while adding five assists . He 's now averaging 13 points per game on the season . Despite struggling with his shot , Emmanuel Mudiay struggled with his shot ( 4 - 10 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 8 FT ) , but he did add four assists , four rebounds , three steals and one block , in 37 minutes . The only other Nugget to reach double figures in points was Emmanuel Mudiay , who finished with 10 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 2 - 8 FT ) . The Nuggets ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the host Oklahoma City Thunder , 121 - 118 , in a nail - biter on Friday . It 's rare to see Oklahoma City dominated in their home building , but that was just the case here . In fact , this was a wire - to - wire win for Golden State , as they led by at least 19 points for the entirety of the fourth quarter . Shooting was key , with the Warriors shooting 47 percent from the field and 44 percent from three - point range . The Thunder shot just 48 percent from the field and 35 percent from long range . Rebounding was a glaring difference as well , with Golden State winning that battle , 32 - 62 . The Thunder ( 41 - 18 ) had to play this game without Russell Westbrook ( sickness ) and it 's clear just how much he means to this team with a loss like this . With Kevin Love also out , Russell Westbrook had to carry the load , as he led the team with 37 points , 7 rebounds and five assists on 10 - of - 26 shooting . Serge Ibaka was second on the team , as he provided 15 points and 20 rebounds off the bench . Draymond Green recorded a double - double , totaling 2 points , 14 rebounds , 14 assists and six steals . Enes Kanter was a huge spark off the bench , totaling 11 points and five rebounds . Oklahoma City will look to bounce back on Sunday in a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns .
Offensive efficiency has been a tad hard to come by for Isaiah Thomas in the month of February , and Monday night that was on display in the worst possible way for the All-Star point guard . While Thomas led the way scoring for his team with 19 points , he just a miserable 4 - of - 21 ( 19 percent ) from the field and 1 - of - 6 from behind the arc . It was by far Thomas ' worst shooting performance of this season , but while they have n't been nearly as bad in February , they still have n't been very efficient . In the 13 games Thomas has played in this February , he 's managed to shoot over 50 percent from the field just twice , while he has now shot under 40 percent four different times . Thomas ' saving grace has come at the free throw line , where he has never wavered and is shooting an impressive 90 percent from this month . So , while the Celtics are almost impossible to beat in the Eastern Conference standings , as they have now lost five of their last seven games - - two of which have now come at home to the Hawks . This was despite a terrific performance off the bench from Isaiah Thomas , who shot just 4 - of - 21 en route to 21 points in 30 minutes . In the end , it was n't the prettiest shooting performance from the floor , as the team hit just 39 percent of their shots from the field .
The Spurs were expected to win this game easily , but it took a monster second half to do so . In fact , San Antonio outscored Philadelphia , 54 - 33 , in the second half . Defense was key for the Spurs , as they held the Sixers to 34 percent shooting and forced them to commit 23 turnovers . Ersan Ilyasova carried the load in the absence of Joel Embiid , as he tallied 25 points , 10 rebounds and four steals . Dario Saric was the only other Sixer in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and nine rebounds , despite committing seven turnovers . Kawhi Leonard led the Spurs in scoring , as he accumulated 19 points , eight rebounds , five assists , two steals and two blocks . Dewayne Dedmon started for LaMarcus Aldridge and amassed 13 points and 10 rebounds . The Spurs bench was huge , as they combined for 45 points and 26 rebounds . The Spurs ( 38 - 11 ) have now won three - straight games , as they appear to be out of the slump that ailed them just last week . Kawhi Leonard led the way for Philadelphia , as he tallied 19 points , eight rebounds , five assists and two steals . Dario Saric finished second on the team , amassing 14 points and eight rebounds , Dario Okafor was second on the team in scoring , dropping 13 points and nine rebounds off the bench . Philadelphia will remain on the road , as they play the Boston Celtics on Friday for their next game .
The Chicago Bulls ( 24 - 16 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 22 - 19 ) 111 - 101 on Saturday . Chicago has won four straight and seven of their last eight . Everything is looking good for the Bulls right now . They 're winning , and they were finally able to play back - to - back games with a fully healthy roster after struggling to have everyone available on the same night most of this season . Derrick Rose returned to action Monday against the Raptors , and in his two games back , he 's put up 36 points and 31 points . The early - season rust seems to be breaking off , and if Rose can stay healthy , a great performance on Christmas Day could be on tap for Thursday 's game against the Lakers . Detroit has lost seven of their last eight games , and the bleakness will be hard for them to overcome anytime soon as they 're currently trudging through a difficult part of their schedule . Playing without Iman Shumpert ( shoulder ) and J.R. Bullock ( plantar fascitis ) , Detroit pulled down the defense , holding the Pistons to 44 percent shooting from the field and 19 percent from beyond the arc . Derrick Rose led the way with 20 points , but struggled from the field ( 8 - of - 13 ) ) . Marcus Morris scored 14 points on 6 - of - 13 shooting . Doug McDermott and Nikola Mirotic each managed a team - high 10 points off the bench . The Bulls will go on the road to face the Charlotte Hornets on Friday .
The New York Knicks ( 6 - 6 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 5 - 6 ) 102 - 94 on Friday . New York has won three straight games , and the deeper they get into the season , the more believable the Knicks ' turnaround under coach Jason Kidd appears to be a sustainable change . The Knicks gave up 21 turnovers to the Knicks ' seven . They also elicited 30 turnovers from the Hornets , using them to spark their second straight home loss . Charlotte will return home to host the New Orleans Pelicans on Monday . Charlotte has dropped two straight and seven of their last eight games . Injuries can be blamed for the depth of the Hornets ' struggles this season , but they were never considered a team with much of a shot at a playoff spot in the stacked Western Conference . An argument could be made that the injuries the Hornets continue to suffer are a blessing in disguise considering that it 's forcing the team to give their young talent run against top - flight teams . Kemba Walker scored a game - high 31 points in 38 minutes and finally escaped with a double - double . Arron Afflalo scored a team - high 16 points . The Hornets will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Charlotte was playing the second night of a back - to - back set . They beat the Phoenix Suns 103 - 95 on Friday , and with the way the Suns run , it 's no surprise the Hornets did n't have enough in the tank to take on a rested Knicks squad . Charlotte shot 44 percent from the field and a bizarre 68 percent from the free - throw line . They were also out - rebounded by the Knicks 45 - 42 . Charlotte will return home to host the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 16 - 10 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 21 - 6 ) 105 - 91 on Tuesday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Cavaliers got out to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Grizzlies 22 - 22 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Cavaliers were the superior shooters in this one , going 61 percent from the field and 50 percent from the three - point line , while the Grizzlies shot 45 percent from the floor and only 6 percent from beyond the arc . The Cavs also secured a 33 - 38 rebounding advantage . For the Grizzlies , LeBron James did everything he could to keep the Grizzlies in this game . He went 9 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , while also adding a game - high of 15 rebounds . The eight rebounds matched a season - high for Waiters , as he continues to make his case for a larger role come next season . Starting alongside Irving , Jon Leuer was also a huge factor in the win . He finished with 16 points ( 7 - 14 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , seven rebounds and two steals in 30 minutes . Considering he 's averaging only four points per game on the season , it was a nice surprise for the Grizzlies . Both Mike Conley and Vince Carter reached double figures in points as well . Conley finished with 18 points ( 9 - 12 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt ) and seven rebounds , while Carter finished with 12 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and three rebounds . The Cavaliers ' next game will be on the road against the Dallas Mavericks on Thursday , while the Grizzlies will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The Los Angeles Lakers defeated the Memphis Grizzlies , 116 - 102 , at Staples Center on Sunday . The Lakers ( 13 - 25 ) came in to Wednesday 's contest looking to right some of the ills that had plagued them over their previous seven games , a stretch in which they 'd suffered five defeats . The Grizzlies ( 22 - 25 ) may have initially looked like easy prey , considering their losing record and the fact that they 'd recently lost their second - best playmaker , Rudy Gay , for the season with an Achilles injury . However , the old adage of `` that 's why they play the games '' rang particularly true Wednesday , as Los Angeles forced the Rockets into 10 turnovers , including to the charity stripe 22 times from the Lakers to seal the win . Mike Conley 's 21 points led the Lakers , and he added four assists and a steal . Nick Young was just a rebound short of a double - double with 20 points , nine boards and two assists . D'Angelo Russell supplied 18 points , six boards and six assists . Timofey Mozgov posted a 14 - point , 5 - rebound double - double , and Vince Carter supplied a bench - leading 12 points . Tony Allen and Tony Allen followed with matching 8 - point efforts , while Vince Carter compiled 12 points in 21 minutes off the bench . The Grizzlies ( 22 - 15 ) were led by Mike Conley 's 21 points , which he supplemented with seven assists and a rebound . Jordan Clarkson provided 16 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Timofey Mozgov posted a 14 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Andrew Harrison filled out the stat sheet with 10 points , eight assists and a rebound . Tony Allen and Luol Deng went scoreless over seven minutes , contributing eight points , two rebounds and a steal . The Lakers continue on their swing through the Deep South with a visit to the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday evening , while the Lakers remain home to face the Utah Jazz on Monday .
The Chicago Bulls ( 0 - 1 ) defeated the Cleveland Bulls ( 1 - 1 ) 97 - 97 on Wednesday at Quicken Loans Arena in Chicago . After suffering a tough 99 - 92 loss in game number one on Monday , the Cavaliers were able to bounce back with a convincing 11 - point victory in game two . The Cavaliers got off to a really strong start , out - scoring the Bulls 26 - 26 right away in the first quarter . The Cavaliers did n't let off the gas either , as they never trailed in this game . Along with the quick start , the Bulls were also the superior shooters . They finished at 43 percent from the field and 37 percent from the three - point line , while the Cavaliers went 43 percent from the floor and just 31 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , LeBron James backed those words up , as he finished with a game - high of 25 points ( 12 - 22 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 0 - 3 FT ) , to go along with 10 rebounds and five assists . James did n't even hit a three - pointer , but he was still able to get to the hoop and score as he pleased . It was clear he planned on taking over from the start and if he can continue to have this type of impact , the Cavaliers should be very tough defeat , even without Kevin Love . Mo Williams did his best to keep the Bulls in this game , going 7 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 19 points , while adding four rebounds and a steal as well . After shooting just 23 percent ( 3 - 8 FG ) from the field in Sunday 's game against the Rockets , it was good to see Williams get back on track . Coming off the bench , Mo Williams had a strong showing . In 37 minutes , he posted 19 points ( 7 - 15 FG , 3 - 7 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and four rebounds . He 's now averaging 10 points and 4 rebounds on the year . The only other Raptor to reach double - digit points was Louis Smith , who came off the bench to shoot 5 - for - 10 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from beyond the arc to score eight points . Up next , the Bulls will travel to Indiana on Friday to take on the Pacers , while the Bulls will travel to San Antonio on Wednesday to play the Spurs .
Portland was expected to win this game easily , but it took an overtime session to pull out the victory . The key for Portland was rebounding , as they won that differential , 57 - 42 . The Trail Blazers also dominated the assist differential , recording 21 assists to the Suns ' 20 . Nicolas Batum carried Phoenix , as he accumulated 20 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Wesley Matthews finished with 14 points , eight rebounds and four assists . No one else on the roster reached double figures in scoring , as the team shot just 44 percent from the field . Nicolas Batum was the player of the game , as he collected 20 points , four rebounds and seven assists . Eric Bledsoe finished with 17 points , seven rebounds and four assists . On deck for Portland is a road matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Sunday . The Blazers ( 34 - 16 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and this win was much needed against some poor competition . Nicolas Batum did all he could for Phoenix , as he led the team with 20 points , four rebounds , seven assists and three blocks . Eric Bledsoe finished second on the team , accruing 17 points , seven rebounds and four assists . Robin Lopez totaled 11 points , 12 rebounds and four blocks . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , dropping 12 points on 4 - of - 7 shooting off the bench . Portland will play again on Saturday , as they host the New York Knicks for their next game .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Orlando Magic , 109 - 79 , at Air Canada Centre on Tuesday . Both of these teams have been struggling mightily headed into this matchup , but Toronto prevailed in a near wire - to - wire win . In fact , the Raptors led for the final 42 minutes , as they held a double - digit lead for the majority of that stretch . That 's evident by the first quarter , in which Toronto outscored Orlando , 23 - 30 . Despite all the statistics being close , the Raptors won nearly every one , as they led in shooting , rebounding , assisting , steals , blocks and turnover differentials . The Raptors defense was huge , as they held the Magic to 41 percent from the field and 14 percent from three - point range . DeMar DeRozan carried the load for Toronto , as he tallied 31 points , five rebounds , four assists and two blocks . Jonas Valanciunas went just 8 - of - 15 from the field to total 16 points and 13 rebounds . DeMar DeRozan carried the load , as he accrued 31 points , five rebounds , four assists and four steals . Evan Fournier finished with 15 points , three rebounds and three assists . Jonas Valanciunas amassed 16 points and 13 rebounds en route to a double - double . DeMar DeRozan led the team in scoring , as he accrued 31 points , five rebounds and four assists . Jonas Valanciunas recorded another double - double , amassing 16 points and 13 rebounds .
Carmelo Anthony went 11 - of - 22 from the field on his way to a game - high 32 points , to go along with seven rebounds , four assists and one block , in 42 minutes . Al Jefferson followed up with 16 points on 8 - of - 21 shooting , along with 13 rebounds , in 34 minutes . Kemba Walker chipped in 11 points , four rebounds , four assists and one steal , in 39 minutes . Gerald Henderson added 22 points on 8 - of - 10 shooting , including 2 - of - 3 from long range , to go along with two rebounds and two assists , in 31 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Knicks was Tim Hardaway , who chipped in 13 . Meanwhile , Carmelo Anthony led the way for the Hornets , with 32 points on 11 - of - 22 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds and four assists , in 42 minutes . Al Jefferson shot 8 - of - 21 from the field to score 16 points , while J.R. Smith added 6 points , in 22 minutes . The Knicks shot 47 percent from the field , while the Hornets shot a solid 47 percent . Charlotte was led by the duo of Gerald Henderson and Gerald Henderson - - single double figures from their bench . Jefferson finished with 16 points , along with 13 rebounds , while Walker added four assists and four rebounds . The Hornets shot 47 percent from the field and only over 19 percent from long range .
The Cleveland Cavaliers came out strong on the second night of a back - to - back to defeat the Orlando Magic , 105 - 99 , on Friday night at Quicken Loans Arena to take a 3 - 0 lead in the Eastern Conference finals . Likely a bit spooked by both their performance over the last two games , and the throttling suffered by the other postseason presumptive favorite down in Oklahoma City in their last pair of contests , the Cavaliers came out with impressive tunnel vision in Game 5 . They ambushed the visiting Magic right out of the gate , winning the first quarter by a margin of 33 - 20 . The rout was on , as Cleveland took a massive 65 - 34 advantage into halftime , a lead that eventually ballooned to 100 - 58 by the end of the third period . A major difference Wednesday night was the return to prominence of Kevin Love , who 'd shot 5 - for - 23 over the previous two games . Love exploded for a game - high 19 points , and supplemented the scoring with six rebounds , nine assists , a steal and a block . It was the All-Star point guard 's third consecutive double - double , and he also drained two key free throws in the closing seconds to extend a razor - thin 112 - 99 lead to the final margin of victory . He added nine assists , a steal and a block to his stat line . Kyrie Irving was next in line with 20 points , five assists , four rebounds and two steals . Serge Ibaka put up a 19 - point , 7 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a steal . Nikola Vucevic had a near double - double with 11 points , nine boards , an assist and a block . Tristan Thompson paced the bench with a 11 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . The Magic continue their road trip with a Saturday night showdown with the Miami Heat , while the Cavaliers remain home to take on the Miami Heat on Monday evening as well .
In a game with 12 ties and 14 lead changes , neither of these squads led by more than nine points . The key for San Antonio was the rebounding , as they won that battle , 49 - 37 . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor as well , with the Spurs hitting 85 percent to Indiana 's 70 percent . Kawhi Leonard carried the Spurs , as he tallied 32 points , six rebounds , three assists and four steals . LaMarcus Aldridge finished second on the team with 19 points and seven rebounds . David Lee recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 12 points and 11 rebounds . Paul George led Indiana in scoring , as he accumulated 27 points , six rebounds and three assists . LaMarcus Turner was second on the team , collecting 19 points , six rebounds and three assists . LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other starter with more than four points , as he totaled 19 points , seven rebounds and three blocks . Indiana will host the Boston Celtics on Saturday for their next game . The Spurs ( 42 - 13 ) have been dominant at home all season , with this win giving them their 23rd home victory of the year . Kawhi Leonard was the player of the game , as he collected 32 points , six rebounds , three assists and five steals . Myles Turner was second on the team , finishing with 22 points , six rebounds and three blocks . Jeff Teague accrued 15 points , five rebounds and five assists . David Lee came off the bench to provide 12 points and 11 rebounds .
The Houston Rockets ( 29 - 13 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 15 - 28 ) 110 - 98 on Wednesday at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis . After winning seven games in a row during the start of March and pushing themselves into the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference standings , the Pacers have now turned completely in the opposite direction and have gone on to lose six straight games . The loss does n't take them out of the playoff race though , as they sit just a game back from the Charlotte Hornets for the eighth and final projected playoff seed in the East . The Rockets , on the other hand , were on a poor streak of their own , as they were losers of four straight . The win gets them back on the right track though , as they still hold a two - game lead over the Portland Trail Blazers for the third projected playoff seed in the Western Conference . The Rockets shot fairly well in this game , going 51 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line . James Harden was nearly unstoppable , as he went off for a game - high of 45 points ( 12 - 18 FG , 7 - 12 3Pt , 14 - 15 FT ) , to go along with one rebound , seven assists and four steals . He continues to be the team 's most consistent player , as he 's averaging 13 points and 11 rebounds per game over his last three outings . Harden , on the other hand , finished with 45 points ( 12 - 18 FG , 7 - 12 3Pt , 14 - 15 FT ) , a rebound and seven assists . He has been on an absolute tear of late , posting four double - doubles in a row , while averaging 23 points and 19 rebounds over that span . He 's averaging 18 points and 12 rebounds on the season . C.J . Miles had a solid showing off the bench as well , scoring 23 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 1 - 4 3Pt ) in 17 minutes . The Rockets ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Pacers will travel to New Orleans to play the Pelicans on Tuesday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 2 - 3 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 3 - 2 ) 94 - 88 on Tuesday at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee . The Bucks were the superior shooters in this game , going 42 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , while the Bulls went 34 percent from the floor and just 18 percent from beyond the arc . The Bulls were able to force the Bulls into 29 turnovers , which may have been the difference in this game . The Bucks were led by Pau Gasol , who went 9 - for - 15 from the field and 0 - for - 0 from the three - point line to score 25 points , while also grabbing 10 rebounds . Continuing to show himself as one of the best centers in the league , it was Gasol 's third straight double - double . Middleton on the other hand went 8 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding four assists over 38 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 50 points and 16 rebounds over his last two games . Khris Middleton finished with a team - high of 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , while also adding four rebounds . Middleton was a perfect 8 - for - 17 from the field over his last two games , so it was refreshing to see him find increased succes during Friday 's matchup . Coming off the bench , Taj Gibson chipped in with 12 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and three rebounds in 15 minutes . Coming off the bench , Taj Gibson chipped in with 12 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and three rebounds in 21 minutes . The Bucks ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Bulls will travel to Charlotte to play the Hornets on Friday .
The San Antonio Trail Blazers defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 110 - 106 , at AT & T Center on Tuesday . These are two teams at the top of the standings , but the Spurs really took it to the Spurs in this beatdown . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as San Antonio held just one lead in the first three minutes , with the Trail Blazers leading the rest of the way . Each quarter was decisive , as they won the first quarter by 10 , the second quarter by eight and the third quarter by 18 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Portland recording 21 assists to 11 turnovers , while San Antonio committed 10 turnovers to just 28 assists . The Spurs ( 52 - 15 ) had to play this game without Al Horford and Avery Bradley , as they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to hold off the Trail Blazers . Damian Lillard carried the load , as he tallied 36 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jusuf Nurkic was the only other player in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 18 shooting . Patty Mills was the only other starter in double figures , providing 13 points , three rebounds and six assists . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , dropping 26 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting off the bench . CJ McCollum led the starters in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting .
The Washington Wizards ( 2 - 0 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 0 - 2 ) 117 - 106 on Tuesday at the Verizon Center in Toronto . The Wizards got out to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Raptors 26 - 31 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Wizards used their three - point shooting to grab an advantage , going 48 percent from the field and 48 percent from the three - point line , while the Raptors went 49 percent from the floor and just 39 percent from deep . The Wizards also out - rebounded the Raptors 45 - 28 , giving them just enough of an advantage to coast to the victory . The Wizards were led by Bradley Beal , who went 12 - for - 21 from the field and 2 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding five rebounds and two steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Wizards ' seven - game win streak . DeRozan on the other hand shot 9 - for - 18 from the field and 0 - for - 1 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding seven assists . He 's combined for 41 points in hist last two games . Louis Williams also had a solid game off the bench with 20 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 10 - 10 FT ) in 27 minutes . The Heats ' next game will be on the road against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Raptors will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
James Harden 's numbers have been off the chart , as the point guard for the Houston Rockets has dropped multiple 15 - plus assist games this season , and added another one against the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday . The impressive box score effort also played a major role in rallying his team to a difficult victory . While Tony Parker ( knee ) was sidelined for another game , Harden did see a lot of Marquese Harrell , as he stepped up in his absence . Harden finished with 24 points , six rebounds , four assists , three steals and one block on 9 - of - 20 shooting . The all star forward made his debut in the starting lineup and finished with 11 points , seven rebounds and two assists on 4 - of - 11 shooting across 27 minutes . This was Harden 's first game since Dec. 30 that he failed to record a double - double , and it was the first time since Jan. 100 where he failed to record at least nine rebounds . For Harden , it was the first time in 148 games that Harden failed to reach the free - throw line . The team finished shooting over 43 percent from the field and a poor 15 percent from behind the arc . Up next , the Rockets will stay at home Thursday to take on the Kings , while the Suns will look to get back on the right track against the Warriors on Saturday . The Suns , on the other hand , will look to build upon the blowout of the Suns .
The Indiana Pacers ( 10 - 5 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 9 - 5 ) 104 - 92 on Friday . Indiana has won three straight games , and they 've vaulted themselves out of the early - season hole they were in , at one time standing with a sub - .500 record of 4 - 5 . Paul George led the way for Chicago in the losing effort , posting a game - high 33 points on 11 - of - 24 shooting , eight rebounds , and two assists in 39 minutes . C.J . Miles also continued his strong play with 16 points , three rebounds and an assist in 32 minutes . Pau Gasol scored a team - high 25 points and grabbed seven rebounds in 29 minutes . C.J . Miles also contributed 16 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting in 32 minutes . CJ Miles scored 16 points in 32 minutes off the bench . Kirk Rose , who played 32 minutes , shot 3 - of - 7 from the field after scoring six points in 32 minutes . The Bulls shot 43 percent from the field and 42 percent from beyond the arc . They lost the first three quarters of the game , thoroughly taking their drubbing from the Pacers . George Butler shot 9 - of - 10 from the field and recorded 33 points , five rebounds , five assists , two steals , two blocks and two steals in 40 minutes . The Pacers have three days off before going on the road to face the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday .
The Milwaukee Bucks defeated the Chicago Bulls , 95 - 69 , at United Center on Friday . Fresh off a double - digit home victory over the Bulls ( 13 - 13 ) on Thursday night , the Bucks ( 13 - 12 ) bounced back with an even more dominating effort Friday . Chicago 's offense had no answer for a stifling Milwaukee defense that held them to a season - low scoring total , while also limiting them to a 30 percent success rate from the field . Giannis Antetokounmpo once again proved to be a thorn in the side of the visitors , leading the way with a 22 - point , 11 - assist double - double that also included seven boards , three steals and a block . Jabari Parker could n't come close to his 26 - point effort from Thursday , but he managed 12 points , seven rebounds , an assist and a steal . John Henson and Tony Snell posted a pair of 10 - point efforts , supplemented by five rebounds , a steal and a pair of blocks by Henson , to go along with five rebounds and a pair of dimes from Snell . Greg Monroe came off the bench to tally a 14 - point , 12 - rebound double - double over 23 minutes , while Mirza Teletovic compiled 13 points for the second straight night in a reserve role , and also hauled in eight boards . A nightmarish outing for the Bulls saw Dwyane Wade pace them in scoring with a modest 12 points , which he complemented with five boards , an assist and a steal . Taj Gibson and Robin Lopez posted a pair of eight - point efforts on a combined 7 - of - 20 shooting , although they at least managed 11 boards between them . Jimmy Butler and Rajon Rondo had matching seven - point contributions as well , with the former also supplying seven boards , six assists and a steal , and the latter dishing out four dimes and recording four rebounds . Bobby Portis actually served as the second - leading scorer on the team despite coming off the bench , posting 10 points and eight rebounds in 19 minutes . The Bucks are now off until Tuesday night , when the Cleveland Cavaliers will come calling to the Bradley Center . The Bulls are home again Monday night , when the Detroit Pistons come to town .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 5 - 3 ) went to Miami and beat the Miami Heat ( 5 - 4 ) 114 - 103 on Tuesday night . In a battle of two of the best offenses in the NBA , the defenses showed their true form . The key for the Hawks was protecting the ball , as they committed just nine turnovers , while forcing the Heat to commit 14 . Both teams shot 56 percent from the field , with Atlanta shooting 64 percent on the night . The Hawks have been terrible in the second half , but they can still play spoiler to teams fighting for playoff positioning . Rookie Al Bosh was the player of the game , as he tallied 19 points , six rebounds , four assists and two steals in the win . Shawne Williams also had a nice game , as he totaled 21 points and six rebounds . The Hawks will look to play better on Saturday against the Charlotte Hornets . This gave Atlanta their 12th win in their last 14 games . Paul Millsap was huge , as he tallied 19 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks in an all around performance . Jeff Teague also played well , as he led the team with 23 points and nine assists . Al Horford scored a team - high 19 points and also provided six rebounds and four assists in the victory . Thabo Sefolosha led the bench with 12 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . The Heat will look to extend their winning streak to five games on Sunday against the Toronto Raptors .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 29 - 6 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 16 - 19 ) 121 - 103 on Wednesday at the Toyota Center in Houston . The Spurs were down 81 - 78 following the third quarter , but were able to make a run in the final quarter , out - scoring the Rockets 25 - 31 to finish off the game and secure the seven - point victory on the road . The Spurs were the superior shooters in this game , going 52 percent from the field and 54 percent from the three - point line , while the Rockets went 50 percent from the floor and 41 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were led by Boris Diaw , who went 8 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 20 points , while also adding eight rebounds and two steals . He 's on a very strong stretch of four games , averaging 31 points , 10 assists and two steals over that span . Boris Diaw chipped in with 20 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , eight rebounds and two steals over 25 minutes as well . He had a very poor showing in Friday 's game against the Pacers , shooting just 16 percent ( 2 - 2 FG ) , so it was good to see him get things turned back around . Coming off the bench , Boris Diaw had a solid night off the bench , scoring 20 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) in 25 minutes . The Spurs ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Rockets will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 2 - 0 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 1 - 1 ) 94 - 89 on Tuesday at the US Airways Center in Phoenix . In a winning effort , the Suns finished the game shooting 40 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Suns shot 41 percent from the floor and only 32 percent from beyond the arc . Despite out - rebounding the Suns 50 - 50 , they turned the ball over 7 times , which may have been the difference in this one . The Suns were led by Isaiah Thomas , who went 10 - for - 17 from the field and 0 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also handing out four assists . He was able to get to the free throw line four times and converted on all eight attempts . It was a nice bounce back game for him after struggling with his shot against the Pelicans on Sunday . Goran Dragic shot the ball well , going 3 - for - 15 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 10 points , while adding nine rebounds , three assists , a steal and a block . It was his third double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Boris Diaw , who scored 13 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt ) in 29 minutes . Up next , the Suns will remain home to host the Nets on Friday , while the Spurs will travel to San Antonio to play the Spurs on Friday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Portland Trail Blazers , 125 - 124 , at Moda Center on Saturday . While this appeared to be a blowout at halftime , the Wizards heard something in the locker room that completely turned this game around . Portland took a 70 - 49 lead headed into the half , but they completely collapsed by allowing the Wizards to outscore them , 63 - 42 , in the second half to send it to overtime . Markieff Morris then played hero , as he hit the game - winning shot with 0 seconds left , despite the fact that it appeared he stepped out of bounds prior to the shot . Both offenses were efficient , with Washington shooting 52 percent to Portland 's 51 percent . Fastbreak points was the only noticeable difference in the stat sheet , with the Wizards winning that battle , 15 - 7 . The Wizards ( 41 - 24 ) overcame a huge halftime deficit to send this game to overtime , as this marked their second game in three nights in which they overcame a double - digit halftime deficit . John Wall was fantastic , as he led the team with 39 points , two rebounds and nine assists . Bradley Beal finished second on the team , totaling 26 points and six assists . Marcin Gortat and Markieff Morris each recorded a double - double , combining for 28 points and 26 rebounds . Otto Porter provided 18 points , 10 rebounds and four assists . On deck for the Wizards is a road matchup with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Sunday . The Blazers ( 28 - 36 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and blown leads like this wo n't help that pursuit . C.J . McCollum led Portland with 34 points , adding six assists to an otherwise empty line . Damian Lillard collected 33 points , three rebounds and seven assists . Maurice Harkless amassed 15 points and five rebounds . Allen Crabbe was the best bench player , as he accrued 14 points , six rebounds and two assists . Al-Farouq Aminu also came off the bench to tally 11 points and eight rebounds . Portland will look to bounce back on Sunday in a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 36 - 13 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 25 - 24 ) 116 - 108 on Thursday at the Staples Center . James Harden reminded everyone why he 's an MVP candidate Thursday with his seventh outing of 40 or more points , setting a new career - high with 33 points . Fittingly , he hit two free throws to eclipse his previous career - high . Overall , he was 15 - of - 17 from the line against the Rockets . For comparison 's sake , the Rockets were 26 - of - 30 from the charity stripe in this contest . With Thursday 's win , the Thunder completed the season sweep of the Rockets . Houston had n't won a division title outright since the 1998 - 99 season when it was a member of the Pacific Division . Russell Westbrook recorded another triple - double , collecting 26 points , 10 rebounds and 14 assists . The Thunder have another tough game on the docket as they will travel to the Oracle Arena to take on the Warriors on Friday . Oklahoma City was playing its second game in as many nights after grinding out an overtime victory in Los Angeles against the Clippers on Wednesday . Oklahoma City had its three - game win streak snapped with the loss . Playing on the second night of a back - to - back , the Rockets did n't seem to have enough spring left in their legs , as they shot just 38 percent from the field and were out - rebounded 40 - 40 . Up next , the Thunder will look to continue their winning ways Saturday in Charlotte against the Hornets .
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Dallas Mavericks , 121 - 118 , at American Airlines Center on Saturday . These are two teams on the outside looking in for the playoffs and the Pelicans were able to escape with a huge win to get them closer to that eight - seed . Despite Dallas leading by nine points after the first quarter , New Orleans took care of business from there by winning the other three quarters by at least four points . In fact , the Pelicans outscored the Mavericks , 49 - 40 , in the second half . Rebounding was the glaring difference in the game , with New Orleans winning that battle , 44 - 38 . They also stifled Dallas with their defense , holding the Mavericks to 48 percent from the field and 52 percent from three - point range . The Mavericks ( 31 - 43 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and losses like this are devastating for that pursuit . Harrison Barnes led Dallas , as he scored 19 points on 6 - of - 15 shooting . DeMarcus Cousins was n't far behind , as he accumulated 29 points , 16 rebounds and six assists . Seth Curry was the only other starter with more than four points , as he provided 18 points , two rebounds and three assists . Jordan Crawford was huge off the bench , providing 15 points and four assists . The Mavericks ( 31 - 43 ) have been dominant at home this season and a win like this shows just how scary of a team they can be . Anthony Davis was the player of the game , as he tallied 30 points , 13 rebounds and two blocks in the win . Dirk Nowitzki finished second on the team , totaling 23 points and seven rebounds . Jordan Ferrell was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 18 points and five rebounds . New Orleans will look to get out of this slide on Saturday against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Golden State Warriors ( 54 - 13 ) defeated the Atlanta Hawks ( 53 - 15 ) 114 - 95 on Wednesday at the Oracle Arena in Golden State . The Warriors came out firing in this game , out - scoring the Hawks 28 - 24 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Warriors used their three - point shooting to grab an advantage , going 47 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line , while the Hawks went 36 percent from the floor and a meager 36 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Warriors also secured a 44 - 44 rebounding advantage . The Warriors were led by the duo of Stephen Curry and Harrison Barnes . Barnes went 11 - for - 13 from the field and 2 - for - 3 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , while also adding four rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Warriors ' seven - game win streak . Curry on the other hand finished with 16 points ( 4 - 11 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) , four rebounds and 12 assists in 30 minutes . It was a season - high in points for him and a nice surprise as he 's averaging only 13 points per game on the year . Paul Millsap did n't have his best game from the field , but he finished with 16 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and nine rebounds . He 's now averaging 16 points and 8 rebounds on the year . The Warriors ' next game will be at home against the Miami Heat on Wednesday , while the Hawks will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday .
The Toronto Raptors ( 1 - 1 ) defeated the Indiana Pacers ( 1 - 1 ) 98 - 87 on Tuesday . This was a sloppier game than expected , as the two team 's combined to shoot under 28 percent from the field . The second quarter was when the tide turned , as the Raptors outscored the Pacers 26 - 26 in that 15 - minute stretch . Toronto has now lost five of their last seven and they are starting to look like a bad team . The good news is that the defense has been the problem all year and that really wasn’t the issue today . The Pacers will look to bounce - back against the Denver Nuggets on Monday . The Raptors are one of the hottest teams in the NBA and they showed why on Sunday . They didn’t play well , but knuckled down defensively to pick up an impressive win . The team was led by Paul George , who tallied 28 points , four rebounds and four blocks in the loss . Jonas Valanciunas also recorded a double - double , as he scored 23 points and grabbed 15 boards of his own . It doesn’t get much easier for Indiana , as they travel to play the Golden State Warriors on Saturday in their next game . This gives Toronto six - straight wins and they are going into the playoffs with a fury . The unfortunate news is that George Hill had just two points on 0 - of - 6 shooting and six points in 31 minutes as a reserve . That 'll look to bounce - back against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Denver Nuggets , 125 - 124 , at Pepsi Center on Thursday . The Rockets ( 49 - 22 ) utilized their tried - and - true formula - - solid defense and stellar play from their three most reliable veterans - - to hang on for a hard - fought road win . The improving Nuggets ( 33 - 37 ) hung tough through three quarters , and the two teams entered the final period knotted at 68 . However , James Harden once again led the way for Denver , as he tallied a game - high 39 points , a total he supplemented with seven rebounds , a assist and four steals . Gary Harris was next with 28 points , four assists , two rebounds and three steals . Nikola Jokic was next with 22 points , 13 rebounds , eight assists , one block and one block . Nikola Jokic turned in a 22 - point , 13 - rebound , eight - assist triple - double that also included one block . Eric Gordon provided 18 points , three assists , one rebound , one steal and one block . Clint Capela followed with a 12 - point , 9 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , one steal and one block . Jamal Murray led the second unit with 13 points , four rebounds and one block . James Harden led the way for the Rockets with a 39 - point , 11 - assist double - double that also included seven rebounds , four steals and one block . Jokic turned in a 22 - point , 13 - rebound , eight - assist triple - double that also included one block . Will Barton matched Gordon ' point total and added five boards , three assists and a block . Ryan Anderson tallied 10 points , two boards and an assist . Jamal Murray led the second unit with 13 points , four rebounds and one block . Jamal Murray led the second unit with 13 points , four rebounds and one block . The Nuggets next head to Charlotte to tangle with the Hornets on Monday night , while the Nuggets remain home for their next contest on Monday night as well .
The Houston Rockets ( 37 - 18 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 37 - 18 ) 98 - 76 on Friday . James Harden put the Rockets on his back , recording a triple - double in his second game back from his one - game suspension . The MVP-candidate put up 20 points on 5 - of - 12 shooting , five rebounds , and seven assists , leading his team in each category . Harden also shot 8 - of - 10 from the free throw line . Corey Brewer ( 26 ) , Terrence Jones ( 11 ) , and Terrence Jones ( 11 ) round out the Rockets players who scored in double figures . The win leaves Houston into a tie with Memphis for the eighth - place Hornets in the Western Conference standings , owning tiebreakers over both Indiana and Charlotte with just 23 games left on the schedule . The Raptors were led by Corey Brewer , who scored a game - high 26 points on 12 - of - 19 shooting with 10 rebounds in 35 minutes . Toronto has now won three straight games and are solidly positioned in the second seed in the East . James Harden led Toronto in scoring with 20 points ( 5 - 12 FG , 2 - 6 3Pt ) , to go along with five rebounds , seven assists and two steals in 29 minutes . DeMar DeRozan had 10 points ( 4 - 14 FG ) , three rebounds , three assists , three steals and one block in 38 minutes . The Rockets are second in the Western Conference , 5 games ahead of the ninth - place Pelicans . Both teams have played well in March : the Raptors have won 11 of their last 11 games .
The Sacramento Kings ( 24 - 31 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 22 - 35 ) 114 - 110 on Friday night . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled for the first three quarters . Sacramento shot 52 percent from the field and 41 percent from three - point range , while the Nuggets shot 41 percent from the field and 37 percent from long distance . Rebounding was the biggest factor for Sacramento , as they won that battle , 50 - 44 . Sacramento was led by DeMarcus Cousins , who tallied 39 points , nine rebounds and two assists in the win . Rudy Gay also played well , as he amassed 16 points , 10 rebounds and six assists . Sacramento has a quick turnaround for their next game , as they travel to play the Golden State Warriors on Saturday for their next game . The Kings ( 24 - 31 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . DeMarcus Cousins did all he could for Denver , as he led the team with 39 points , nine rebounds and two blocks . Will Barton was second on the team , as he accrued 18 points , six rebounds and four assists off the bench . Kenneth Faried recorded a double - double , totaling 13 points and 13 rebounds . No other player on the team had more than 10 points or five assists . Rudy Jokic was the player of the game , as he accumulated 16 points , nine rebounds and six assists in the win . Will Barton made his return from a knee injury to total 18 points and six rebounds .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Phoenix Suns , 95 - 91 , at Philips Arena on Tuesday . Atlanta were expected to win this game easily , but Phoenix gave them a run for their money . While there were only two ties and two lead changes , neither team led by more than nine points for the entirety of the second half . Phoenix were stifled by Atlanta 's defense , as they shot 37 percent from the field , 23 percent from three - point range and 58 percent from the free - throw line . The Hawks took care of the defensive rebounding too , winning that battle , 42 - 34 . The Suns ( 22 - 53 ) had to play this game without Devin Booker and Eric Knight , as they did n't have enough in the arsenal to pull out the upset win . T.J. Warren led the way for Atlanta , as he tallied 10 points , eight rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Tyler Ilyasova was second on the team , accumulating 15 points , 12 rebounds , three steals and three blocks . Alex Len totaled 12 points and seven rebounds on 3 - of - 9 shooting . Taurean Prince was a nice spark off the bench , providing 15 points , six rebounds , one assist and two steals on 5 - of - 10 shooting . Atlanta will be in action again on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Charlotte Hornets . The Hawks ( 38 - 36 ) have been dominant at home this season , as this marks their 17th win at Verizon Center . Dennis Schroder scored a game - high 27 points , as he also provided six rebounds and nine assists . Ersan Ilyasova was second on the team , totaling 18 points and 12 rebounds . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , amassing 15 points , 11 rebounds , four assists and four blocks . Taurean Prince got another start and accrued 15 points , six rebounds and two blocks . The Hawks will look to build off this win on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Philadelphia 76ers .
DeMar DeRozan 's game - high 30 points led Toronto , and the Raptors tallied success rates of 51 percent from the field and 38 percent from three - point range . They also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle by a 38 - 34 margin . Miami did see all five members of the first unit post double digits in the scoring column , beginning with Kyle Lowry 's 18 points , which he supplemented with four rebounds , four assists and four steals . Dwyane Wade was next with 21 points , five rebounds and five assists . Terrence Ross posted 17 points , one rebound , one assist , two steals and two blocks . James Johnson tallied a bench - leading 13 points , which he supplemented with two rebounds , five assists and one steal . Terrence Ross was solid in his return to Miami , supplying 20 points , three rebounds , one assist and one steal . Goran Dragic was next with 18 points , five assists , two rebounds and one steal . Terrence Ross and James Johnson turned in matching 13 - point efforts , with the former adding one rebound , five assists , one steal and one block , and the latter providing six rebounds and two assists . Luol Deng , who started the game with a modest nine points , added three rebounds , two assists and one steal . DeMar DeRozan paced the starting five with 30 points , five rebounds , five assists and one block . Goran Dragic tallied 18 points , five assists , two rebounds and one steal . Terrence Ross tallied 17 points , one rebound , one assist , two steals and two blocks . Bismack Biyombo registered a near double - double with five points , nine rebounds , one assist and one block . The Heat head back home to tangle with the Indiana Pacers on Sunday evening , while the Raptors remain home to face off with the Milwaukee Bucks on Sunday evening .
The Oklahoma City Thunder ( 14 - 16 ) defeated the San Antonio Spurs ( 18 - 12 ) 114 - 106 on Wednesday at Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City . This marked a huge win for the Thunder , as they passed up the New Orleans Pelicans for the eighth and final projected seed in the Western Conference standings . The Pelicans are just a half game behind them though , with the Suns trailing by just three games as well , so it 'll remain a fight for the last seed all the way until the end of the regular season in the West . The Spurs , on the other hand , are currently in the eighth spot in the Eastern Conference standings . They 're even with the Indiana Pacers , but hold the tie breaker , so they remain ahead of them for now . The Spurs are also just a game behind the Miami Heat for the seventh spot . With both Kevin Durant and Serge Ibaka out due to injury , Russell Westbrook continued to put on a show . He did n't have the best night shooting the ball ( 14 - 28 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt ) , but he went 14 - for - 28 from the floor and 0 - for - 1 from beyond the arc to finish with a game - high of 5 - of - 8 shooting from the floor . Russell Westbrook finished with a game - high of 34 points ( 14 - 28 FG , 6 - 8 FT ) , to go along with five rebounds and 11 assists . It was far - and - away his best game of the postseason so far , as he had n't surpassed the 15 - point mark previously . Steven Adams added 16 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 6 - 12 FT ) and 15 rebounds , while Manu Ginobili scored 11 points ( 3 - 5 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 4 FT ) and grabbed 13 rebounds . The Spurs ' next game will be on the road against the Oklahoma City Thunder on Friday , while the Spurs will travel to Sacramento to play the Kings on Friday .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Orlando Magic , 118 - 98 , at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows which way they 're heading . The second half is when Golden State really turned it on , as they outscored Orlando , 42 - 24 , in the fourth quarter . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , with Golden State recording 27 assists to 18 turnovers , while the Magic committed 12 turnovers to just 25 assists . Rebounding was a huge factor as well , with Golden State winning that battle , 52 - 41 . The Warriors ( 38 - 6 ) were in a bit of a slide , so a road win against the Magic is just what the doctor ordered . Elfrid Payton was easily the team 's top scorer , as he tallied 27 points , four rebounds and six assists on 8 - of - 15 shooting . Kevin Durant was the only other starter in double figures , as he accrued 15 points , 10 rebounds , six assists and three steals . JaVale McGee had 13 points and four rebounds off the pine as well . Bismack Biyombo led the team in scoring , as he totaled 14 points and 13 rebounds off the bench . Klay Thompson led the team in scoring , as he dropped 21 points on 7 - of - 14 from the field . Kevin Durant was second on the team , totaling 23 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Klay Thompson scored 21 points , while Kevin Durant dropped 15 .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Golden State Warriors 133 - 105 at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday . Russell Westbrook has been virtually unstoppable the majority of the season , but had been somewhat human the last three games after seeing a streak of six consecutive triple - doubles snapped against the Celtics on Dec. 34 . However , matched up Saturday against one of the most porous defenses in the league , especially against point guards , the perennial All-Star exploded for 30 points , a career - high 12 assists and eight rebounds , his 50th career triple - double . He added three steals and a block as well . His spectacular performance helped negate a remarkable effort on the other side from Kevin Durant , who drained a game - winning jumper at the buzzer to seal the victory . Curry 's 24 points led all scorers , and he added two assists , a rebound and two steals . Russell Westbrook posted a 30 - point , 12 - assist , eight - rebound triple - double that also included two steals and two blocks . Klay Thompson contributed 18 points , one assist and a block . Serge Ibaka totaled 14 points , eight rebounds , two assists , two steals and two blocks . Dion Waiters tallied 13 points , three boards and three assists . Andre Roberson contributed 13 points , five rebounds , one assist and one block . Kevin Green led the second unit with 33 points , six boards , one assist and one block . The Warriors head back home to tangle with the Phoenix Suns on Monday evening , while the Warriors remain home to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Monday night .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 142 - 130 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . Three-point shooting has become customary in this new style of NBA , but the Rockets continue to fire at an unbelievable pace . In this game , Houston went 22 - of - 58 from three - point range , while the Timberwolves went just 10 - of - 26 . Minnesota dominated the rebounding though , winning that battle , 32 - 58 . Houston abused the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording four more assists and 10 less turnovers than Minnesota . This was a wire - to - wire win for the Rockets , as they led by at least seven points for the final 20 minutes . The Timberwolves ( 23 - 36 ) had beat two playoff contenders in their last two games , but this was a tough task against a potent Houston offense . Karl-Anthony Towns was a beast in the loss , as he led the team with 37 points and 22 rebounds on 16 - of - 24 from the field . Andrew Wiggins was n't far behind , as he tallied 30 points and three steals . Gorgui Dieng finished third on the team , totaling 16 points , 13 rebounds and three steals on 7 - of - 10 shooting . Ricky Rubio accrued 14 points and 11 assists , but did commit six turnovers . The Rockets ( 42 - 18 ) have now won five of their last seven games , as they continue to fire up three 's at will . James Harden led the way for Houston , as he accumulated 24 points , five rebounds and 10 assists . Ryan Anderson was second among starters , finishing with 18 points , two rebounds and three assists . Clint Capela started and amassed 16 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 9 shooting . All five starters scored at least 15 points . Eric Gordon and Lou Williams came off the bench to combine for 30 points , six assists and five steals . Both teams return to action on Monday , as the Rockets host the Indiana Pacers and the Minnesota Timberwolves play the Sacramento Kings on the road .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 4 - 4 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 19 ) 98 - 86 on Friday . Portland has won four straight games , and in their last two games , they 've scored at least 118 points . Their offense is firing on all cylinders , and coach David Blatt is using unconventional lineups to get the work done . He 's regularly used LaMarcus Aldridge as his point guard . Aldridge scored a game - high 23 points and grabbed 11 rebounds in a team - high 33 minutes . Wesley Matthews pitched in 19 points and five rebounds in 35 minutes . The Blazers continue their road trip against the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday , giving them a realistic opportunity to get a new number in the win column . Meanwhile , Portland has dropped two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Pistons will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Pistons have the right guys to build a winning team around . Wesley Matthews paced the team with 19 points , five assists and five rebounds in another great game . Damian Lillard also played well against the Pistons , scoring 14 points to go along with seven rebounds , seven assists and two steals . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope made his first start at point guard and finished with 11 points and a team - high seven assists in 25 minutes . Detroit will return to the floor Friday when it plays host to New York .
The Orlando Magic defeated the Chicago Bulls , 98 - 91 , at Amway Center on Wednesday evening . The Bulls ( 31 - 41 ) were in danger of playing Wednesday 's contest without their two most talented players , as Jimmy Butler 's ( illness ) availability suddenly came into question earlier in the day , while Dwyane Wade ( thigh ) was already ruled out . However , Butler persevered and took the court , posting a team - high 21 points that he supplemented with nine assists , four rebounds , one steal and one block . However , with no other player tallying more than 13 points , it was n't quite enough against a Magic ( 24 - 41 ) squad that had its starting backcourt of Elfrid Payton and Evan Fournier hitting on all cylinders . Orlando put together an excellent defensive effort as well , limiting the Bulls to 14 points in the fourth quarter and eliciting 16 turnovers from them . Jerian Grant was second on the Bulls with the aforementioned 13 - point total , and he added five rebounds , two assists and one steal . Cristiano Felicio posted a bench - leading 11 points that he supplemented with two rebounds and one assist . Robin Lopez contributed a near double - double of 10 points , nine rebounds , one assist and two blocks . Rajon Rondo ( ankle ) , who had initially been deemed to be a game - time decision , took the floor and supplied eight points , six assists , five rebounds and one block in 28 minutes off the bench . Payton paced the Magic with a spectacular 22 - point , 14 - rebound , 14 - assist triple - double that also included two steals and two blocks . Fournier nearly accomplished a double - double himself with 20 points , nine boards , two assists and two steals . Terrence Ross registered 14 points , three rebounds and one assist . Aaron Gordon went for 13 points , four rebounds and two steals . Jeff Green led the second unit with nine points , five boards , two assists and one steal . The Bulls return home to tangle with the Houston Rockets on Friday night , while the Magic travel to Charlotte to take on the Hornets on Friday evening as well .
The San Antonio Trail Blazers defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 110 - 106 , at AT & T Center on Tuesday . These are two teams at the top of the standings , but the Spurs really took it to the Spurs in this beatdown . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as San Antonio held just one lead in the first three minutes , with the Trail Blazers leading the rest of the way . Each quarter was decisive , as they won the first quarter by 10 , the second quarter by eight and the third quarter by 18 . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the biggest difference , with Portland recording 21 assists to 11 turnovers , while San Antonio committed 10 turnovers to just 28 assists . The Spurs ( 52 - 15 ) had to play this game without Al Horford and Avery Bradley , as they did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal to hold off the Trail Blazers . Damian Lillard carried the load , as he tallied 36 points , three rebounds , four assists and two steals . Jusuf Nurkic was the only other player in double figures , as he totaled 16 points and nine rebounds on 7 - of - 18 shooting . Patty Mills was the only other starter in double figures , providing 13 points , three rebounds and six assists . C.J . McCollum led the team in scoring , dropping 26 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting off the bench . CJ McCollum led the starters in scoring , as he dropped 26 points on 8 - of - 16 shooting .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Miami Heat , 115 - 104 , at Moda Center on Saturday . While this scoreline looks moderately close , the Trail Blazers had this game well in hand early on . In fact , they led by 21 points at the half in a rare wire - to - wire win , as it took a 23 - 30 fourth quarter for Miami to make the scoreline respectable . Portland 's offense was extremely efficient , as they shot 51 percent from the field and 50 percent from three - point range , while committing just 11 turnovers and 13 assists . Rebounding was also a huge factor , with Portland winning that battle , 43 - 39 . The Blazers ( 32 - 36 ) are battling for the eight - seed in the west and overtime losses like this are devastating for that pursuit . Damian Lillard did all he could for Miami , as he led the team with 49 points , two steals and five assists . C.J . McCollum finished with 18 points , four rebounds and five assists . Hassan Whiteside totaled 17 points and 10 rebounds en route to a double - double . CJ McCollum led the Blazers in scoring , as he dropped 24 points on 2 - of - 3 from three - point range . Hassan Whiteside recorded a 17 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . C.J . McCollum had a nice game down low , totaling 18 points , four rebounds and five steals . The Trail Blazers will play the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday for their next game .
The New York Knicks ( 8 - 6 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 5 - 9 ) 107 - 102 on Saturday . Houston is on a three - game win streak . James Harden led the way for the Rockets with a game - high 24 points , 10 rebounds and 10 assists in 38 minutes . The Knicks were led by Kristaps Porzingis , who put up 24 points and 14 rebounds in 36 minutes . He 's averaging 11 points , 14 rebounds and 6 assists in 35 minutes per game since his return . Clint Capela notched a double - double with 16 points and 14 rebounds . The Rockets will go on the road to face the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday . Houston saw their four - game win streak come to an end with the loss . Montrezl Afflalo sat out a second straight game with a hamstring injury . Terrence Jones moved into the starting lineup in place of Dwight Howard . Howard played just 25 minutes off the bench and finished with eight points and six rebounds . Dwight Howard sat out a third straight game with a sore calf . Robin Lopez was able to play through Howard 's absence and put up 16 points and 14 rebounds . Kristaps Howard ( knee ) returned to the lineup after sitting out the rest of the season . He did his best to ignite a comeback for the Rockets on Saturday , scoring just eight points on 3 - of - 5 shooting . The Rockets will return home to host the Dallas Mavericks on Wednesday .
The Miami Heat defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves , 115 - 113 , at American Airlines Arena on Monday . The recent form of these teams would indicate a Miami blowout , but that simply was n't the case in this close - fought battle . A 29 - 8 run spanning between the second and third quarter was the decisive stretch , as that swung a double - digit lead for the Timberwolves into a 12 - point lead for the Timberwolves . Despite there being just two ties and three lead changes , neither team led by more than 13 points , as it was a single - digit margin for well over 50 minutes . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with Miami going 8 - of - 25 from long range , while Minnesota went 9 - of - 39 . The Heat also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 34 - 25 . Andrew Wiggins was the player of the game , as he tallied 33 points , four rebounds and nine assists . Andrew Wiggins finished with 27 points and four rebounds . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , amassing 35 points , eight rebounds and two blocks . Andrew Wiggins led the Timberwolves in scoring , as he dropped 33 points on 13 - of - 17 from the field . Goran Dragic was n't far behind , collecting 33 points and nine assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded 19 points , 13 rebounds and one block . Rodney McGruder started for Miami and contributed 15 points , five rebounds and four assists .
The Los Angeles Clippers were led to victory by their stars on Friday , as they narrowly edged out the Chicago Bulls . All-Star forward Blake Griffin had 16 points and six rebounds as well as seven assists . Meanwhile , DeAndre Jordan , the reigning All-NBA First Team center , pulled down a whopping 14 rebounds to help the Clippers earn a positive differential on the glass . Though Chris Paul saw below his usual output , the star still contributed 17 points and four assists while turning the ball over just once . Chicago , meanwhile , saw strong play from its star players . Guard Jamal Crawford scored a team - high 25 points while knocking down two three - pointers . For the team , three - point shooting was a strength , as they knocked down 11 shots from deep . Chicago ( 31 - 31 ) is trending in the opposite direction of LA , as the team has now lost three contests in a row . Monday was a particularly poor showing for the Bulls , as the team saw its lowest offensive output of the season . Only three team members scored in double figures and the high scorer was forward Bobby Mbah a team , including 1 - of - 2 from three - point range . The Bulls , meanwhile , saw startlingly low output from their starters . Superstar Jimmy Butler contributed a team - high 16 points but went without a rebound on the night . As a whole , the Chicago starting five recorded only 29 rebounds and 42 points . 28 rebounds and three double - digit scoring performances off the bench , however , allowed the Bulls to keep the game close .
The Toronto Raptors ( 45 - 21 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 29 - 39 ) 107 - 89 on Sunday at the Air Canada Centre in Milwaukee . The Raptors got out to a quick start in this game , out - scoring the Bucks 56 - 41 right away in the first half . The Bucks shot very well in this one , going 47 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 44 percent from the floor and 15 percent from beyond the arc . The Raptors were led by the duo of Kyle Lowry and Kyle Lowry . Lowry went 5 - for - 9 from the field and 4 - for - 6 from the three - point line to finish with a team - high of 25 points , to go along with four rebounds and two steals . He 's on a nice two - game stretch where he 's combined for 47 points and 15 rebounds . Antetokounmpo , on the other hand , finished with 18 points ( 11 - 12 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 6 - 11 FT ) , 12 rebounds and three blocked shots , while Antetokounmpo recorded 18 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 6 - 1 FT ) , 12 rebounds and nine assists . Antetokounmpo really turned it on in his time on the floor , as he was very efficient with his time on the court . Norman Powell had the most success for the Bucks . He went 6 - for - 15 from the field and 3 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while adding three rebounds and two assists as well . He had shot less than 50 percent in two out of his last three games coming into Saturday , so it was good to see him get things turned around and have a solid showing in a row . The Raptors ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Wednesday , while the Bucks will travel to Chicago to play the Bulls on Monday .
The Philadelphia 76ers ( 16 - 52 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 24 - 37 ) 94 - 83 on Monday at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia . With both teams having already been eliminated from the playoffs , this game was more about giving the young and inexperienced players a chance to make an impression on the coaching staff in hopes of coming back with their team next season in a bigger and better role . As a team , the 76ers finished at 43 percent from the field and 41 percent from the three - point line , while the Pistons went 43 percent from the floor and 31 percent from deep . This was a big win for the Sixers , who have been struggling lately and remain out of a playoff spot . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope did all he could to keep the Pistons in this game , going 7 - for - 16 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 20 points , while also adding eight rebounds and 0 blocked shots . It was his second consecutive 20 - point game in a row , as he 's been a huge reason for the 76ers recent success . Jason Richardson also had a strong showing , posting 14 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) , five rebounds and two assists in 25 minutes off the bench . It was his second straight night with 14 points , as he 's a combined 18 - of - 32 from the field over the last two games . Reggie Jackson had a double - double of his own , as he recorded 11 points ( 4 - 17 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and 10 assists . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 33 points and 44 rebounds over his last two games . Jason Richardson was the other Bull to reach double - digit points with 14 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and five rebounds . The Sixers ' next game will be at home against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Friday , while the Pistons will be at home against the Indiana Pacers on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs ( 42 - 8 ) defeated the Dallas Mavericks ( 28 - 25 ) 116 - 90 on Wednesday at the AT & T Center in San Antonio . In a tight battle between two of the more experienced teams in the league , the Spurs were able to hold on in the fourth quarter to secure the five - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Spurs shot 51 percent from the field and 55 percent from the three - point line , while the Mavericks shot 45 percent from the floor and 20 percent from beyond the arc . The Spurs were led by the duo of Kawhi Leonard and Kawhi Leonard . Leonard went 9 - for - 16 from the field and 2 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 23 points , while also handing out six assists . He was also able to convert on 3 - of - 3 free throws.He 's now averaging 16 points , 9 assists and five rebounds on the season . LaMarcus Aldridge was able to notch a double - double with 14 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 10 rebounds . He 's had two solid showings in a row , combining for 25 points , 14 rebounds and four steals over that span . Patty Mills was the only other Maverick to reach double - digits in points with 16 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) off the bench . The Mavericks ' next game will be on the road against the Detroit Pistons on Friday , while the Mavericks will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 3 - 5 ) were able to hold off a late push from the LA Clippers ( 5 - 2 ) 92 - 94 on Wednesday night . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was clear both squads were desperate for a win . There were only two ties and six lead changes , as this game was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 14 points , as the Clippers never led by more than four points . Los Angeles was lights - out from the field , shooting 67 percent from the field and 18 percent from three - point range . Zach Randolph led the team in scoring , as he tallied 26 points and nine rebounds in the defeat . Marc Gasol did all he could to keep the Clippers hanging around , as he tallied 18 points and seven rebounds in the defeat . Los Angeles is in a rough stretch right now and it 's hard to imagine it getting better with this lack of offense . They 'll look to play better on Sunday against the Boston Celtics in the back end of a back - to - back . The Grizzlies were sick of their bad defense in the first half and shut down this weak offense to pull away with an impressive win . The frontcourt was spectacular tonight for Memphis , as Marc Gasol , Zach Randolph and Zach Randolph all played at least 20 minutes in their defeat and that 's a scary sight for the rest of the team .
The Dallas Mavericks ( 15 - 29 ) defeated the Los Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 32 ) 122 - 73 on Friday at the American Airlines Center in Dallas . With a 74 - 68 lead at the end of the third quarter , the Mavericks remained in control . They went on to out - score the Lakers 32 - 18 in the fourth quarter , allowing them to end the Lakers six - game winning streak and push their own to seven in a row . The Mavericks were able to out - rebound the Lakers 49 - 32 , giving them even more of an advantage , which may have been the difference in this one . The Mavericks were led by the duo of Deron Williams and Justin Anderson . Anderson went 5 - for - 11 from the field and 3 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 19 points , while adding five rebounds and two assists as well . He was able to get to the free throw line a wopping 6 times , and converted on 6 - of - 0 attempts from the free throw line . Justin Anderson also had a big game , scoring 19 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 1 - 6 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) while adding four assists and a steal . He had two steals though , so it was good to see him get back on track . Also , coming off the bench , Dirk Nowitzki recorded a double - double of his own , finishing with 13 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and five rebounds . The Mavericks had six players reach double figures in points . Justin Anderson led the way , going 4 - for - 11 from the field and 1 - for - 6 from the three - point line to score 15 points in 20 minutes . He 's averaging only 13 points on the year , so it was a nice surprise for the Lakers . Dirk Nowitzki was also big , posting 13 points , five rebounds and an assist in 20 minutes .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 42 - 16 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 13 - 45 ) 101 - 97 on Friday . Memphis came into this game as a double - digit favorite and simply couldn’t hold off a bad Grizzlies team . The key for Memphis was their shooting , as they shot 59 percent from the field and 79 percent from the free - throw line in their win , while holding denver to under 39 percent shooting . The Kigs played this game without Kevin Garnett and Kevin Garnett , but simply simply too much to overcome . Andrew Wiggins did step up in his absence though , as he led the team with 25 points and four rebounds . Ricky Rubio flirted with a triple - double , as he accumulated 13 points , seven rebounds and 10 assists in the victory . Up next for the Grizzlies is a matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday . This was a game that the Timberwolves were supposed to win and they did a great job of leaving nothing to chance . Marc Gasol was the player of the game , as he accumulated 27 points , 11 rebounds and four assists in the win . Andrew Wiggins was the only other player in double figures , as he tallied 17 points , two rebounds and four assists . The Timberwolves have a quick turnaround , as they play the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday in their next game . The Grizzlies continue to surprise and these sort of wins are a credit to their resiliency and grittiness . Marc Gasol played one of the best games of his career though , as he accumulated 27 points , 11 rebounds and four assists in the win . Mike Conley continued his good play as well , as he tallied 17 points , four assists and two rebounds in the loss . Gary Neal also scored 13 of his own , while locking down Minnesota for the Timberwolves . Minnesota will look to play better on Saturday against the Phoenix Suns .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 39 - 26 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 24 - 40 ) 121 - 114 on Monday at Fed Ex Forum Arena in Memphis . The Grizzlies got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Grizzlies 20 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Grizzlies were the superior shooters in this game , going 49 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Pelicans went 44 percent from the floor and just 29 percent from beyond the arc . The Pelicans were led by the duo of Anthony Davis and Ryan Stephenson . Stephenson went 12 - for - 20 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 33 points , while also adding four assists . He 's had a nice two - game stretch , combining for 43 points , 11 assists and four steals . Green , on the other hand , posted a double - double of his own , scoring 21 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 7 - 4 FT ) , to go along with 13 rebounds . Davis was able to notch a double - double with 12 points and seven rebounds . The only other Pelican to reach double figures in points was Toney Douglas , who recorded 12 points ( 5 - 15 FG , 1 - 7 3Pt , 1 - 4 FT ) , seven rebounds and six assists . Over his last three games he 's averaging 23 points and five rebounds , as he 's really stepped it up for the Grizzlies lately . Notching a double - double , center JaMychal Green had 21 points ( 9 - 15 FG , 0 - 0 4Pt , 3 - 4 FT ) and 10 rebounds in 38 minutes . It marked his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 8 points and 11 rebounds per game . Coming off the bench , Dante Cunningham was a surprising spark off the bench , recording 17 points ( 7 - 11 FG , 2 - 5 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and six rebounds . The Grizzlies ' next game will be on the road against the Boston Celtics on Friday , while the Pelicans will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday .
The Los Angeles Clippers were led to victory by their stars on Friday , as they narrowly edged out the Los Angeles Lakers . All-Star forward DeAndre Jordan had an impressive stat line en route to 24 points , a team - high 21 rebounds and two blocks . Center DeAndre Jordan , meanwhile , scored 24 points and dished out a team - high nine assists . LA ( 15 - 14 ) saw strong play from a handful of players but could not get the job done as a team . In what has almost become a normal night for the superstar , DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , recording 24 points and 21 rebounds . The Lakers were not able to find the basket , however , shooting just 45 percent from the field and 48 percent from beyond the arc . For the Lakers , it was a night to forget for sophomore point guard Chris Paul . The two combined to go just 7 - of - 15 from the field and had only two players score in double figures . Sixth man Jordan Clarkson led the team with 21 points , while starter Raymond Felton had 15 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting . The Lakers will host the Nuggets on Friday , while the Clippers will visit the Warriors in a game of matchup against the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday . The Clippers ( 15 - 29 ) have now lost two of their last three games , with this loss being one of the worst defeats of the season . DeAndre Jordan led the way for Los Angeles , as he totaled 24 points and 21 rebounds . Austin Rivers finished second on the team , collecting 15 points , two assists and two steals .
Kyle Lowry scored 17 points in the fourth quarter , on his way to a game - high 36 points on 15 - of - 20 shooting , along with four rebounds , five assists and two steals , in 33 minutes . DeMar DeRozan followed up with 24 points , although struggled shooting , going 10 - of - 24 from the field . DeRozan added six rebounds , one assist , four steals and one block , in 37 minutes . Meanwhile , DeMar DeRozan had a stat - sheet - stuffing performance with 24 points on 10 - of - 24 shooting , along with six rebounds , one assist and four steals , in 37 minutes . Shelvin Mack followed up with 23 points , while Shelvin Mack came up big with 19 points on 7 - of - 13 shooting , to go along with seven rebounds and one assist , in 30 minutes . Jonas Valanciunas added 14 points on 5 - of - 5 shooting , including 0 - of - 0 from long range , to go along with seven rebounds and one block , in 16 minutes off the bench . The Raptors were led by DeMar DeRozan , who finished with 24 points , on 10 - of - 24 shooting , in 37 minutes . The only other player to score in double digits for the Raptors was Jonas Valanciunas , who finished with 14 points and grabbed seven rebounds . This marks the second straight loss for the Jazz , as they fall to 4 - 10 on the road this season .
The Minnesota Lakers ( 36 - 41 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 14 - 36 ) 119 - 115 on Friday at the Staples Center in Minneapolis . The Lakers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Lakers 27 - 26 in the first quarter alone . Along with the quick start , the Lakers used their three - point shooting to grab an advantage , going 46 percent from beyond the arc , while the Timberwolves went only 16 percent from beyond the arc . The Lakers were also able to force the Timberwolves into 15 turnovers , while only committing nine of their own . The Lakers were led by their starting backcourt of Andrew Wiggins and Lou Wiggins . Wiggins went 13 - for - 20 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding four assists in 41 minutes . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 26 points and 15 rebounds per game . He 's now averaging 27 points and 21 rebounds on the season . Lou Wiggins was very efficient in this one , finishing with 20 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 3 - 6 3Pt , 10 - 10 FT ) , four rebounds and four steals in 34 minutes . It marked his second double - double over his last three games , a stretch where he 's averaging 27 points and 13 rebounds . Coming off the bench , both Jordan Clarkson and Jordan Clarkson had solid games . Clarkson finished with 16 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 0 - 2 FT ) and two assists , while Clarkson had 12 points ( 4 - 13 FG , 0 - 2 3Pt , 0 - 4 FT ) and three rebounds of his own . The Lakers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday , while the Timberwolves will travel to Houston to play the Rockets on Wednesday .
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Indiana Pacers in overtime , 109 - 105 , on Friday at Wells Fargo Center . The Sixers ( 1 - 7 ) had taken the Pacers ( 4 - 5 ) to the limit just two nights prior before succumbing in overtime , 122 - 115 . However , their second consecutive foray into an extra period against Indiana went much better , culminating in Philadelphia 's first victory of the season . Joel Embiid led the way by playing a game - high 26 minutes and posting 25 points , seven rebounds , two assists and a block . While he shot just 33 percent ( 6 - of - 18 ) from the field , he successfully parlayed 12 of 14 visits to the free - throw line into points . The impressive third - year man helped spearhead a sizable advantage for the Sixers down low , as they outrebounded the Pacers by a 54 - 40 margin . Indiana was led by Paul George , who despite leaving the game in the first half temporarily with a left thumb sprain , totaled 26 points , nine rebounds , four assists and two steals . Monta Ellis was actually second in line despite coming off the bench , amassing 19 points , six rebounds , five assists and four steals over 36 minutes . C.J . Miles , who drew the start at shooting guard , turned in 13 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Jeff Teague was modestly involved on offense over 35 minutes , supplying 13 points , four assists , a rebound and three steals . Thaddeus Young had a near double - double with 11 points , nine boards , an assist and a steal . Myles Turner supplied only five points , five rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block over 21 minutes , but Al Jefferson chipped in with 10 points , three boards and two assists over 22 minutes . Philadelphia also saw Gerald Henderson compile 12 points , four rebounds , an assist , a steal and a block . Robert Covington checked in with 10 points , four rebounds , three assists , two steals and a block . Ersan Ilyasova paced the bench with 14 points and three rebounds . Philadelphia remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again on Monday night to take on the Sacramento Kings .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 12 - 8 ) defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder ( 11 - 7 ) Monday 106 - 100 at the AT & T Center in Atlanta . This game was over from the start , as the Hawks opened up a 15 - point lead after the first quarter and continued to pile it on throughout the rest of the game . By the time the fourth period rolled around , Atlanta had opened up a 0 - 44 lead . That quickly dissipated in the third quarter however , as the Hawks outscored the Thunder 27 - 26 in the fourth to improve to 12 - 8 . Russell Westbrook continued his reign of terror , recording another triple - double . He had 34 points ( 11 - 24 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 11 - 11 FT ) , 11 rebounds , seven assists and two steals , in 36 minutes . Al Horford contributed 21 points ( 15 - 15 FG , 2 - 3 3Pt ) , 13 rebounds , an assist , two blocks and one steal , in 36 minutes . The Hawks got a solid contribution from Jeff Teague , who finished with 25 points ( 10 - 17 FG , 2 - 4 3Pt , 3 - 3 FT ) , five assists and three rebounds , in 31 minutes . Russell Westbrook struggled shooting , going 11 - 24 from the field , 1 - 5 from long range and 11 - 11 from the free throw line , on his way to 34 points , seven assists and four rebounds . Al Horford flirted with a triple - double with 21 points , 13 rebounds and eight assists , in 35 minutes , while Serge Ibaka chipped in 17 points ( 8 - 15 FG ) and five rebounds . The Thunder are now 13 - 2 at home and will look to keep it going as they play host to the Nets on Sunday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Denver Nuggets , 123 - 113 , at Verizon Center on Monday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Wizards led for over 45 minutes of this game , as they never looked close to relinquishing the lead . Defense carried the T'Wolves , as they held the Nuggets to 53 percent from the field and 42 percent from three - point range . Washington also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 10 more assists than Denver , while committing five less turnovers . The Wizards ( 39 - 24 ) had a tough task here against a hot Wizards team , as they simply did n't have enough in the arsenal to win this game . Gary Harris led the way in scoring , as he tallied 26 points , two rebounds and four assists . Mason Plumlee was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 11 points and 15 rebounds . Markieff Morris amassed 11 points , six rebounds and two assists . Jamal Murray was the only bench player with more than four points , as he dropped 17 points on 7 - of - 15 shooting off the bench . Marcin Gortat recorded a double - double , totaling 11 points and 15 rebounds . The Nuggets will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Charlotte Hornets . The Nuggets ( 29 - 35 ) have been dominant at home this season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . John Wall was the player of the game , as he collected 30 points , three rebounds , 10 assists and three steals on 12 - of - 19 shooting . Wilson Chandler finished second on the team , totaling 21 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals . Marcin Gortat amassed 11 points and 15 rebounds en route to a double - double . The Nuggets will be in Denver on Saturday for their next game .
The Boston Celtics ( 15 - 26 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 18 - 25 ) 100 - 99 on Monday at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The Celtics got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Nuggets 20 - 20 in the first quarter alone . The Nuggets were the superior shooters in this one , going 49 percent from the field and 43 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets finished at just 42 percent from the floor and a meager 29 percent from beyond the arc . To go along with the superior shooting , the Celtics also secured a 41 - 48 rebounding advantage , only furthering their dominance in this one . The Celtics were led by the duo of Jameer Nelson and Jameer Nelson . Nelson went 9 - for - 20 from the field and 4 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 23 points , while also adding four assists and a pair of blocked shots . After shooting only 14 percent ( 3 - 11 FG ) from the field in Sunday 's game against the Rockets , it was good to see him get things turned back around and have a decent performance . Jared Sullinger added 18 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 0 - 4 3Pt , 4 - 8 FT ) and eight rebounds as well . Doing his best to keep the Nuggets in the game was Arron Afflalo . Nelson went 6 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score 20 points , while also adding four assists . He 's now averaging 14 points and 5 rebounds on the year . Coming off the bench , J.J. Hickson was able to provide a nice boost with the second unit . Hickson went 6 - for - 8 from the field to record 15 points , while also adding a game - high of six rebounds . The Celtics ' next game will be at home against the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday , while the Nuggets will be at home against the Brooklyn Nets on Friday .
The Washington Wizards defeated the Indiana Pacers , 111 - 98 , at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Thursday evening . The Pacers ( 29 - 28 ) came in to Thursday 's contest hoping to snap a five - game losing streak , but were also running on fumes after two games in the previous three nights . Fatigue may have played a role in the first half , as the Wizards ( 34 - 21 ) built a 62 - 52 lead by halftime . The second half was much tighter , but Washington eventually pulled away on the strength of a highly productive night for their starting five . All first unit members hit double digits in the scoring column , and the Wizards managed to shoot 52 percent from the field overall , as well as a superb 52 percent on their 29 shots from behind the arc . Otto Porter , Jr. led the way with 25 points , eight rebounds , two assists and one block . Markieff Morris managed 21 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . John Wall followed with a trademark double - double , posting 20 points , 12 assists , two rebounds , two blocks and one steal . Bradley Beal was right behind with 19 points , four assists , three rebounds and one steal . Marcin Gorat contributed 12 points seven rebounds and one steal . Matching 17 - point efforts from Myles Turner and Paul George led the Pacers , with the former adding nine rebounds , one assist , two steals and one block , and the latter providing seven boards , three assists and two steals . Al Jefferson and Rodney Stuckey were next with a pair of 12 - point tallies off the bench . Jefferson added three rebounds and Stuckey dished out a pair of assists and recorded a steal . Glenn Robinson III went for 10 points , while Kevin Seraphin drew the start at power forward and supplied nine points , five rebounds and one assist . The Wizards resume post - All - Star - break play in Philadelphia against the Sixers on Friday , February 24th , while the Pacers kick off the second half of their season on the same night at home against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Los Angeles Clippers ( 3 - 1 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 1 - 3 ) 128 - 95 on Saturday . Los Angeles was coming off a 75 - 95 loss to the Chicago Bulls on Friday , but they shot just 41 percent from the field . Seven players finished in double digits for Los Angeles . Trevor Ariza had an all - around performance of 18 points , eight rebounds , three assists and three steals in 35 minutes . The Clippers will go on the road to face the Denver Nuggets on Friday . Houston has lost two of their last three games . DeAndre Howard 's absence has been bothering him lately , finishing with seven points and six rebounds in 18 minutes Friday . The Rockets will wrap up their current five - game road trip against the Detroit Pistons on Sunday . Houston will go on the road to face the New Orleans Pelicans on Saturday . Houston has dropped two straight , and they were led by Blake Griffin , who put up 26 points , 17 rebounds and two blocks in 30 minutes . DeAndre Howard also had a double - double , putting up 26 points and 8 rebounds . The Rockets have two games left on their road trip , with their next matchup coming against the Chicago Bulls on Friday . Houston has lost two straight , and with Al Jefferson ( groin ) expected to miss at least the next four weeks , it 's getting hard to find reasons to think the Rockets could climb back into the playoff conversation this season . Anderson underwent surgery to repair a torn meniscus in his left knee on Jan. 30 and was given a 2 - 7 week timetable to return . He 'll return to action Sunday against the Warriors .
The Memphis Grizzlies ( 13 - 10 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 12 - 11 ) 93 - 92 on Friday . Memphis is on a two - game win streak . They jumped out to a 24 - 17 lead after the first quarter and held the Pistons at a distance the rest of the game . The Grizzlies shot 47 percent from the field and 27 percent from beyond the arc , while the Pistons shot 43 percent from the field and 28 percent from beyond the arc . Marc Gasol finished with a game - high 19 points . The Grizzlies will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Detroit was playing the second night of a back - to - back set . They beat the Phoenix Suns 103 - 95 on Friday , and with the way the Suns run , it 's no surprise the Pistons did n't have enough in the tank to take on a rested Grizzlies squad . Detroit shot a woeful 43 percent from the field and recorded just 17 assists on 22 made field goals . The loss knocks Detroit back to a half game behind the Boston Celtics for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference . Up next , the Grizzlies will stay home and take on the Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Pistons will travel to San Antonio on Wednesday to play the Spurs , while the Grizzlies will head back home to go up against the Bucks on Friday , in what will be the second game of a four - game road trip .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 2 - 8 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 5 - 5 ) 97 - 85 on Tuesday . Los Angeles has won two straight games . Kobe Bryant led the way for the Lakers with 17 points on 6 - of - 19 shooting from the field and also pitched in eight rebounds , nine assists and two steals in 36 minutes . Andre Drummond put up 17 points and 17 rebounds and also tipped in the game - winning shot with 0 seconds left . After getting off to several slow starts recently , coach Stan Van Gundy brought up the possibility of making a change to his starting lineup coming into Friday 's game , but he opted to stick with the same starting lineup , and they got the job done . Los Angeles has lost four straight games , and while their prospects this season look dire at the moment , the team has faced off against plenty of formidable teams in the early part of their schedule , leaving the door open to hope for more wins going forward . Just as a team like the Cleveland Cavaliers is sturggling to find consistency due to having so many new additions , the roster turnover for the Pistons can be pointed to as the source of their struggles thus far . Nick Young led the team with 17 points in 24 minutes , and Roy Hibbert recorded a double - double of 12 points and seven rebounds in 28 minutes . The Lakers will head to Denver to face the Nuggets on Friday , as the Lakers travel home to host the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 128 - 96 , at Quicken Loans Arena on Sunday . Cleveland were expected to win this game rather easily , but it took a late run to escape with an important victory . In fact , the Cavaliers outscored the Pistons , 30 - 22 , in the fourth quarter . Three-point shooting was the difference in the game , with the Cavaliers going 2 - of - 24 and the Pistons hitting just 4 - of - 23 from long distance . Cleveland also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording nine more assists than Detroit , while committing six less turnovers . The Cavaliers ( 33 - 22 ) had a tough task here against a hot Pistons team , as they simply did n't have enough in the arsenal to win this game . Kyrie Irving led the way , as he tallied 26 points , three rebounds and six assists . LeBron James finished second on the team , accumulating 16 points , 11 rebounds and 12 assists . Richard Jefferson was the only other starter in double figures , as he amassed 16 points and two rebounds . Tobias Harris led the bench with 16 points and two rebounds . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the only other starter with more than 11 , as he tallied 11 points , two rebounds and three assists . More importantly , those three players combined to go 27 - of - 51 from the field . Detroit will look to get out of this slide on Friday in a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The host Los Angeles Lakers took down the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , 130 - 119 . Friday also marked the unveiling of Los Angeles 's new Shaquille O'Neal statue . Los Angeles ( 21 - 51 ) snapped a six - game losing streak on Friday , though it may not have been in their best interest . LA will lose its draft pick if it falls outside of the top three , and the Phoenix Suns remain on the Lakers ' tail for the second - worst record in the NBA . Still , there was a lot to like on Friday for Lakers fans . Guard Jordan Clarkson had a career - high 35 points while shooting 8 - of - 10 from three - point range . It was the team 's first overtime game of the season , and they seemed to respond well to the extra period . LA outscored Minnesota 21 - 10 in overtime , immediately establishing an eight - point advantage at the start of the OT . The team finished with staggering shooting splits of 52 percent from the field , 61 percent from three - point range , and 86 percent form the line . Minnesota ( 28 - 43 ) , meanwhile , extended its own losing streak to four games . While production from the starting five was solid , the Timberwolves struggled once again with finding points off the bench . The team saw just 23 bench points versus 35 from LA . There was no issue for Minny 's starters , though , as third - year forward Andrew Wiggins exploded for an efficient 36 points . Reigning Rookie of the Year Karl-Anthony Towns recorded a double - double with 25 points and 13 rebounds , and point guard Ricky Rubio had 19 points while dishing out a whopping 15 assists . The Timberwolves will visit Portland on Saturday , while LA will host the Blazers on Sunday .
The Milwaukee Bucks ( 8 - 7 ) defeated the Detroit Pistons ( 3 - 11 ) 98 - 86 on Friday . Milwaukee has won three straight games , and the deeper they get into the season , the more believable the Bucks ' turnaround under coach Jason Kidd appears to be a sustainable change . The Bucks gave all five of the bench players they used at least 21 minutes . Brandon Knight led the way with a team - high 20 points , while Greg Monroe put up a double - double of 15 points and eight rebounds . Ersan Ilyasova was the high scorer for the Pistons , with 13 points , nine rebounds , two assists and one steal in 34 minutes . Josh Jennings and P.J . Augustin each scored 11 points off the bench . The Bucks will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Detroit has lost two straight , and with Al Jefferson ( groin ) expected to miss at least the next four weeks , it 's getting hard to find reasons to think the Pistons could climb back into the playoff conversation this season . Brandon Middleton has been back in the active lineup for the last three games , though his return has n't helped the team secure more wins in the short term . The Pistons gave up 31 points on 19 turnovers , were out - rebounded 36 - 36 and missed the game they were out - rebounded . The Bucks will take on the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday , as the Bucks will host the Orlando Magic .
The Chicago Bulls ( 25 - 10 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 23 - 11 ) 114 - 105 on Saturday night . In a battle between two bad defenses , the offenses really struggled . Especially Houston , as they shot 46 percent from the field and 32 percent from three - point range . The fourth quarter is where the Bulls really turned it on , as they outscored the Rockets 31 to 16 . The Rockets actually turned it on in the fourth quarter , as they outscored the Rockets 28 to 16 . The Bulls were led by Pau Gasol , who tallied 27 points , 14 rebounds and two blocks in the loss . Gasol is definitely the favorite for Comeback Player of the Year with the way he is playing right now and will even garner some MVP votes if he keeps this up . Chicago also got double - digit points from four of their bench players , as Nikola Mirotic and Josh Motiejunas were the only bright spot in this game . Smith scored 21 points and dished out nine assists in the victory . Dwight Howard also played only three quarters and beasted down low , by finishing with 12 points , 14 rebounds and three blocks in the win Donatas Montiejunas led the team with 21 points , which is a great sign coming off his recent injury . Up next for Chicago is a matchup against the Memphis Grizzlies on Tuesday . This was a game that the Bulls were supposed to win and they did a great job of leaving nothing to chance . Pau Gasol was spectacular though , as he tallied 27 points , 14 rebounds and three assists in the win . Derrick Rose also played well , as he amassed 19 points , nine assists and three rebounds . Dwight Howard recorded a double - double , as he totaled 12 points and 14 rebounds . The Rockets will look to keep things rolling on Saturday against the Memphis Grizzlies .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Sacramento Kings , 117 - 104 , at Toyota Center on Saturday . The Rockets were expected to win this game easily and they left yes doubt with this lopsided result . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Rockets , as they led by 10 after the first quarter and by 33 headed into the fourth quarter . Defense was key for the Rockets , as they held the Kings to 49 percent from the field and 28 percent from three - point range . Houston also dominated down low , winning the rebounding battle , 42 - 15 and the points in the paint differential , 52 - 29 . The Rockets ( 6 - 6 ) continue to fly under the radar and they may have pulled out their biggest win of the season against the Kings here . James Harden did all he could for Sacramento , as he led the team with 23 points , nine rebounds and 10 assists . Clint Capela also played well off the bench , amassing 17 points and 10 rebounds . Clint Capela recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 17 points and 10 rebounds . James Harden was the player of the game , as he accumulated 23 points , nine rebounds and 10 assists . Eric Gordon was second on the team in scoring , as he dropped 13 points off the bench . Rudy Gay amassed 10 points , four rebounds and three assists . On deck for Sacramento is a home matchup against the New Orleans Pelicans on Sunday .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Miami Heat , 107 - 84 , at American Airlines Arena on Monday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Pistons finished the game on a 28 - 11 run to open things up and win comfortably . They actually led for the majority of the game , as Miami never led by more than four points and only held the lead for a total of five minutes . Free-throw shooting was the decisive statistic , with Detroit going 33 - of - 26 from the charity stripe , while Miami could only go 10 - of - 12 . Fastbreak points was also a glaring difference , with the Pistons winning that battle , 11 - 4 . The Pistons ( 4 - 10 ) have struggled on offense all season and duds like this against a bad Detroit defense only adds to those troubles . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the player of the game , as he led Detroit with 22 points , five rebounds and two assists . Andre Drummond finished second on the team , totaling 18 points and 15 rebounds . Beno Udrih and Jon McGruder recorded a double - double , combining for 31 points and 10 rebounds . The Heat will host the New York Knicks on Friday for their next game . The Pistons ( 7 - 9 ) planned to win this game through pace , but it led to some inefficiencies on the offensive end . While they took 10 more shots than Detroit , they made just 36 percent of their shots . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope was the player of the game , as he tallied 22 points , five rebounds and two assists . Andre Drummond recorded a double - double , totaling 18 points , 15 rebounds and four steals . James Johnson was a nice spark off the bench , collecting 15 points , four rebounds and two assists . Detroit will look to get out of this slide on Friday , when they play the Atlanta Hawks on the road for their next game .
The Chicago Bulls ( 22 - 12 ) defeated the Boston Celtics ( 19 - 17 ) 101 - 92 on Tuesday . Chicago has won four straight and seven of their last eight . Everything is looking good for the Bulls right now . They 're winning , and they were finally able to play back - to - back games with a fully healthy roster after struggling to have everyone available on the same night most of this season . Jimmy Butler returned to the starting lineup after missing Saturday 's contest due to a sore right Achilles . He led the Celtics with 18 points and seven rebounds in 34 minutes . Doug McDermott started at shooting guard and put up a double - double of 14 points and nine assists in 33 minutes . The Bulls have three days off before going on the road to play the Philadelphia 76ers on Monday . Boston has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Celtics will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Celtics have the right guys to build a winning team around . Jimmy Butler paced the Celtics with 19 points , five rebounds and ten assists in a great game . Derrick Rose also had a nice game , collecting 18 points , three assists and seven rebounds in 34 minutes . The Celtics will go on the road to face the Denver Nuggets on Friday .
The New York Knicks defeated the San Antonio Spurs , 94 - 90 , at Madison Square Garden on Sunday . The recent form of these teams would indicate an easy Spurs win , but the Knicks had other ideas . This game was close throughout , as there were nine ties and six lead changes , with neither team leading by more than 12 points . Shooting was the difference , with New York hitting 50 percent of their shots , while San Antonio could n't crack 37 percent . Three-point shooting was a big part of that , with the Spurs going just 6 - of - 29 and the Knicks hitting 9 - of - 17 from long distance . The Spurs ( 41 - 13 ) have been susceptible to duds like this , as they simply did n't have enough help for Kawhi Leonard in this game . Leonard scored a game - high 36 points to add to his nine rebounds , four assists and four steals . LaMarcus Aldridge was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 15 points and 10 rebounds . David Lee led the bench with 10 points and seven rebounds . San Antonio will be in action again on Monday in a road matchup against the Indiana Pacers . The Knicks ( 24 - 33 ) have been one of the most dysfunctional teams over recent weeks , but wins like this will surely quiet the skeptics for the time being . Carmelo Anthony led the team in scoring , as he tallied 25 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Derrick Rose was second on the team , accruing 18 points , four rebounds and two assists . Kristaps Porzingis shot just 4 - of - 10 from the field , but still collected 16 points , seven rebounds and four blocks . Willy Hernangomez got the start at center and amassed 12 points , nine rebounds and three steals . New York will be off until Wednesday , when they play the Oklahoma City Thunder on the road for their next fixture .
In a game with eight ties and 28 lead changes , neither of these squads led by more than nine points . The key for San Antonio was the rebounding , as they won that battle , 40 - 50 . Free-throw shooting was a huge factor as well , with the Spurs hitting 79 percent to Chicago 's 92 percent . Kawhi Leonard carried the Spurs , as he tallied 29 points , seven rebounds , two assists and two steals . Pau Gasol finished second on the team , totaling 21 points and 12 rebounds . Justin Holiday was the only bench player with more than four points , as he dropped 12 points on 5 - of - 8 shooting . Kawhi Leonard led the team in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , seven rebounds and two assists . Pau Gasol was the only other starter in double figures , collecting 21 points , nine rebounds and four assists . E'Twaun Moore and Justin Holiday were the only other players in double figures , as they scored 12 points a piece . On deck for the Spurs is a home matchup against the San Antonio Spurs on Monday . The Bulls ( 32 - 31 ) continue to disappoint and falling apart in the fourth quarter has become all too common of a trend . They were being outscored by eight points a game in the third coming into this matchup and a 20 - point third quarter deficit at the end . LaMarcus Aldridge did all he could for Chicago , as he led the team with 26 points and 10 rebounds . Tony Parker was second on the team , finishing with 21 points and six assists off the bench . Nikola Mirotic led the starters in scoring , as he totaled 21 points and 10 rebounds .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the New York Knicks , 112 - 105 , at Oracle Arena on Thursday . The Warriors ( 51 - 11 ) learned earlier in the day that Anthony Davis would miss the contest with the hip injury that he suffered after a flagrant foul by the Knicks ' Kyle O'Quinn on Monday . However , that did n't deter them from notching their sixth road victory of the season on the strength of standout efforts from Davis ' replacement Klay Thompson and a highly productive 29 percent from the field over the span . The Knicks were led by Klay Thompson , who went for 29 points , four rebounds , an assist and a steal . Carmelo Anthony was right behind him with 31 points , six assists , eight rebounds and two steals . Carmelo Anthony and Carmelo Anthony posted a pair of 15 - point efforts , with the former adding two rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block , and the latter supplying six boards , two assists and a steal . Draymond Green was right behind him with a 24 - point , 2 - assist double - double that also included six rebounds , two steals and one block . Draymond Green filled out the stat sheet with 13 points , seven rebounds , four assists , two steals and one block . Zaza Pachulia provided 10 points , one rebound , two assists , one steal and one block . Justin Holiday was productive as a reserve as well with 10 points , three rebounds , one assist and one block . The Knicks head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Friday night , while the Knicks remain home to tangle with the Orlando Magic on Friday evening as well .
The Denver Nuggets ( 5 - 4 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 4 - 5 ) Monday 107 - 98 at the Pepsi Center in Denver . The teams were firing on all cylinders in this game , out - scoring the Rockets 30 - 23 in the first quarter alone . The Nuggets were the superior shooters in this game , going 46 percent from the field and 45 percent from the three - point line , while the Rockets went just 43 percent from the floor and 31 percent from deep . With the win , the Nuggets remain a half game ahead of the streaking San Antonio Spurs for the fifth projected playoff seed in the West , while the Portland Trail Blazers still own a game lead over the Nuggets for the fourth spot . The Nuggets ' frontcourt was a huge factor in the win . Danilo Gallinari led the way with 27 points ( 7 - 9 FG , 3 - 4 3Pt , 10 - 10 FT ) , while also adding one rebound , three assists and a steal . It was his second strong showing in a row , as he 's combined for 45 points and 12 rebounds over his last two games . Kenneth Faried had a strong showing as well , finishing with 14 points ( 6 - 16 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and 11 rebounds . It was his third double - double over his last four games , a stretch where he 's averaging 27 points and 14 rebounds . Coming off the bench , Jameer Nelson was the only other Clipper to reach double figures in points , finishing with 13 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) and three assists . The Rockets ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Thursday , while the Rockets will be at home against the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday .
The Los Angeles Lakers ( 16 - 41 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 32 - 26 ) 101 - 93 on Sunday at the Staples Center in Milwaukee . After coming out of the third quarter down 71 - 64 , the Lakers went off in the fourth , out - scoring the Bucks 21 - 21 to secure the four - point victory in front of their home crowd . The Lakers were the superior shooters in this one , going 47 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Bucks went just 39 percent from the floor and a meager 24 percent from deep . Ersan Ilyasova was the difference maker for the Lakers , as he shot 5 - for - 10 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 17 points , while also adding six rebounds and four blocked shots . The 17 points were a new season - high for him , while the double - double was his first since December seventeenth . While he did n't do too much on the offensive side of the ball with only seven points ( 4 - 63 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , Wayne Bayless had a season - high of 1 - 32 from downtown . Ellington , who had 24 points ( 4 - 14 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 0 FT ) of his own , while Lin had 14 points of his own . The Lakers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Bucks will travel to Minnesota to play the Timberwolves on Wednesday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 10 - 23 ) defeated the Sacramento Kings ( 14 - 20 ) 114 - 95 on Monday at the Sleep Train Arena in Detroit . After getting the Pistons secured the victory in the first game of these teams ' back - to - back , home - and - home series on Monday , they looked even more impressive Wednesday , shooting 50 percent from the field and 39 percent from the three - point line , while the Kings went 43 percent from the floor and just 20 percent from deep . The Pistons also out - rebounded the Kings 49 - 41 , giving them even more of an advantage . In his third game back from injury , Brandon Jennings went ahead for the Pistons and went off for a game - high of 35 points ( 14 - 21 FG , 5 - 8 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) , while also adding two steals and two blocked shots . The double - double was his second in a row and seventh on the season . Leading the bench in scoring , Darren Collison finished with 17 points ( 5 - 7 FG , 2 - 2 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , while also adding six rebounds and three steals . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Pistons ' seven - game win streak . Cousins on the other hand finished with 18 points ( 5 - 17 FG , 0 - 1 3Pt , 8 - 11 FT ) , 15 rebounds and two steals . He 's now averaging 13 points and 5 rebounds on the year . The Pistons ' next game will be at home against the Portland Trail Blazers on Wednesday , while the Kings will be at home against the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday .
The Boston Celtics defeated the Chicago Bulls , 100 - 80 , at TD Center on Friday . The Celtics ( 42 - 25 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but they did a fine job lighting up the scoreboard on Saturday as well after falling behind early . All five members of their first unit tallied double digits in the scoring column , and Boston shot a stellar 47 percent from the field and 43 percent from three - point range . They also won the rebounding battle by a 51 - 51 margin and built an insurmountable 65 - 39 halftime lead . Matching 22 - point efforts from Isaiah Thomas and Isaiah Thomas paced the Celtics , while the Bulls were guilty of 21 . Isaiah Thomas ' 22 points led Boston . Avery Bradley provided 17 points , while Al Horford registered 12 . Jae Crowder tallied a modest five points but hauled in 10 rebounds . Marcus Smart had a bench - leading 12 points , and Jaylen Brown and Kelly Olynyk pitched in with matching 11 - point efforts . Robin Lopez and Denzel Valentine led Chicago with matching 13 - point efforts . Bobby Portis turned in 12 points and eight rebounds . Jimmy Butler ( five points , seven rebounds , three assists , two steals ) and Jae Crowder ( five points , four rebounds ) were productive , while the Bulls were quiet on the boards , only playing superbly on the defensive side of the ball . The Bulls host the Hawks on Friday , while the Celtics visit the Cleveland Cavaliers on Monday night .
The Portland Trail Blazers defeated the Denver Nuggets , 112 - 105 , at Moda Center on Sunday . While this appeared to be a blowout at halftime , the Trail Blazers heard something in the locker room that completely turned this game around . Portland took a 70 - 49 lead headed into the half , but they completely collapsed by allowing the Trail Blazers to outscore them , 63 - 40 , in the second half to send it to overtime . Maurice Mudiay then played hero , as he hit the game - winning shot with 0 seconds left , despite the fact that it appeared he stepped out of bounds prior to the shot . Both offenses were efficient , with Portland shooting 39 percent to Denver 's 40 percent . The Blazers also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 44 - 59 . Damian Lillard did all he could to keep the Nuggets hanging around , as he tallied 32 points , eight rebounds and six assists in the defeat . Kenneth Faried was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 18 points and 14 rebounds . Wilson Harkless was a nice spark off the bench , providing 18 points , seven rebounds and five assists . The Trail Blazers will look to play better on Sunday in a road matchup against the Los Angeles Lakers . Portland ( 7 - 4 ) is as dominant as anyone at home and they continue to abuse weak Western Conference teams . Damian Lillard added another triple - double to his own , as he collected 32 points , eight rebounds and six assists . C.J . McCollum finished with 21 points , three rebounds and four assists . Kenneth Faried was a huge spark off the bench , as he amassed 18 points , 14 rebounds and three blocks . Portland 's next game is on Tuesday , when they play the Sacramento Kings on the road .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 7 - 7 ) defeated the New York Knicks ( 5 - 28 ) 101 - 79 on Sunday at Madison Square Garden in New York . The Trail Blazers had a strong first half , out - scoring the Knicks 75 - 52 in the second half alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this one , going 47 percent from the field and 44 percent from the three - point line , while the Knicks went 33 percent from the floor and just 26 percent from beyond the arc . The Trail Blazers were led by the duo of Wesley Matthews and Wesley Matthews . Matthews went 10 - for - 21 from the field and 6 - for - 15 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding four rebounds . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Trail Blazers ' seven - game win streak . Matthews on the other hand finished with 28 points ( 10 - 21 FG , 6 - 15 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) of his own , to go along with four rebounds and five assists . He 's been on a roll over his last two games , shooting a combined 25 - for - 21 from the field and 4 - for - 10 from the three - point line over his last two games . He 's now averaging 17 points and 5 rebounds on the season . Nicolas Batum was the only other Blazer to reach double - digit points with 17 . Despite being questionable with an illness coming into Monday 's game , Jose Calderon had an efficient 17 points ( 5 - 17 FG , 3 - 10 3Pt , 1 - 7 FT ) in 37 minutes . It was his second straight impressive performance , combining for 29 points , 11 rebounds and nine assists over those two games . The only other player to reach double figures in points was Chris Kaman , who came off the bench for 13 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 3 - 4 FT ) in 20 minutes . The Blazers ' next game will be at home against the Denver Nuggets on Wednesday , while the Knicks will be at home against the Detroit Pistons on Friday .
The San Antonio Spurs defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 102 - 85 , at AT & T Center on Tuesday . These are two teams at the top of the standings , but the Spurs really took it to the Hornets in this beatdown . It was a near wire - to - wire win for San Antonio , as Charlotte held just one lead in the first three minutes . Shooting was key , as the Spurs shot 40 percent from the field , 85 percent from the free - throw line and 19 percent from three - point range . Defensive rebounding was key for San Antonio , winning that battle , 42 - 26 . The Hornets ( 20 - 18 ) had to play this game without Nicolas Batum ( migraine ) and they simply are n't the same team without him . Amazingly , no starter scored more than 13 points , as Jeremy Lamb , Patty Mills and Marvin Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 11 points a piece . Cody Zeller was the lone starter in double figures , as he tallied 15 points and eight rebounds . Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finished with 12 points , nine rebounds , two assists and three steals . Dewayne Dedmon came off the bench to record a 15 - point , 10 - rebound double - double . Kawhi Leonard also recorded a double - double , totaling 18 points and two rebounds . Kawhi Leonard led the way for the Spurs , as he tallied 19 points , two rebounds and three assists . LaMarcus Aldridge finished with 15 points and 11 rebounds en route to a double - double .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the visiting New Orleans Pelicans 101 - 92 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Sunday evening . The Pelicans started off well , leading 26 - 29 after the first quarter but went on to fall short in each of the remaining three quarters . Meanwhile , history was made in a couple of ways , as Anthony Davis tied Wilt Chamberlain for second - most 40 - point triple - doubles , while notching his 29th triple - double of the season . On another note , Anthony Davis set a Pelicans franchise record with 15 points in the first quarter . This marks the third straight win for the Thunder ( 13 - 8 ) , as they have won both their games after the break . The Thunder shot 46 percent from the field and out - rebounded the Pelicans by 18 . Anthony Davis led the way for Oklahoma City with 37 points on 14 - of - 32 shooting , including 0 - of - 1 from long range , 9 - of - 11 FT ) on 14 - of - 11 shooting at the charity stripe . Buddy Hield added 16 points on 6 - of - 12 shooting , while Buddy Hield finished with 16 points , in 15 minutes off the bench , while E'Twaun Moore chipped in 10 points . The only other player to score in double digits for the Pelicans was Andre Roberson , who added 13 points , five rebounds , two assists , two blocks and one steal , in 37 minutes . The Thunder will look to bounce back , as they go on to play host to the Magic on Monday .
The Detroit Pistons ( 19 - 16 ) defeated the Orlando Magic ( 19 - 16 ) 115 - 89 on Wednesday at the Palace of Auburn Hills . Collectively as a team , the Pistons shot extremely well tonight , going 49 percent from the field and 47 percent from the three - point line . They were able to put in a big third quarter , where they out - scored the Magic 31 - 27 , which set them up to secure a 10 - point victory in front of their home fans . The Pistons also forced the Magic into 8 turnovers , while committing just 10 of their own . The Pistons were led by their superstar backcourt of Victor Oladipo and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope . Caldwell-Pope went 7 - for - 12 from the field and 5 - for - 8 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 21 points , while also adding two assists in 34 minutes . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now averaging 18 points and 7 rebounds on the season . Andre Drummond had a solid showing as well , finishing with 17 points ( 8 - 14 FG , 0 - 4 FT ) , 12 rebounds and 1 blocked shots . He 's been filling up the stat sheet lately , combining for 25 points , 10 rebounds and 18 assists over his last two games . Nikola Vucevic did n't have his best night shooting the ball , but still finished with 16 points ( 8 - 15 FG , 0 - 0 FT ) and three rebounds . It was his second double - double in a row , as he 's combined for 56 points and 30 rebounds over his last two games . Both Reggie Jackson and Jason Smith reached double figures in points as well . Jackson finished with 14 points ( 6 - 12 FG , 1 - 2 3Pt , 2 - 2 FT ) and seven assists , while Harris had 14 points ( 6 - 10 FG , 0 - 3 3Pt ) and seven rebounds . The Pistons ' next game will be on the road against the Miami Heat on Wednesday , while the Magic will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Friday .
Evan Fournier continues to thrive in his new full - time shooting guard role , tallying a season - high 29 points to lead a balanced attack by the Magic . Three other members of the starting five - - Serge Ibaka , Nicola Vucevic and Aaron Gordon - - combined for another 100 points , while Elfrid Payton handed out 11 assists to along with six points . Jeff Green helped make up for some of the shortfall from the bench with 15 points , and Orlando shot a solid 45 percent from the field . The Kings ' featured a typically top - heavy attack , with DeMarcus Cousins and Rudy Gay accounting for over half of their scoring ( 49 points ) and 33 shot attempts . Cousins ' 33 points led all scorers , and the Kings ' bench , which combined for 23 points , nearly outscored the other four starters , who totaled just 32 overall . The starting backcourt of Jeff Lawson and Jeff Green supplied matching 15 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds and three assists , and the latter registering three rebounds , three assists and one block . Aaron Gordon went for 13 points , seven rebounds and three assists . Omri Casspi paced the Kings with 17 points , three rebounds and one block . Ben McLemore paced the second unit with 11 points , four rebounds , one assist and one steal . DeMarcus Cousins did all he could to keep the Kings hanging around , tallying 33 points , seven rebounds , four assists , two steals and a block . Orlando remains in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Southeast Division . They 're home again Sunday for a date with the Brooklyn Nets .
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope 's 23 points paced the Pistons , and Detroit managed impressive success rates of 54 and 59 percent from the field and beyond the arc , respectively . Tobias Harris ( 18 points ) , Andre Drummond ( 14 points , 14 rebounds ) , Marcus Morris ( 12 points ) and Ish Smith ( 11 points , 13 assists ) rounded out the starting five 's strong night . Jon Leuer 's 16 points and nine boards led the bench , while Beno Udrih and Darrun Hilliard combined for another 22 points in reserve roles . Dennis Schroder was the only Hawks starter to manage double - digit scoring , posting 17 points . Kent Bazemore and Kyle Korver combined for just 14 points , while Thabo Sefolosha posted five points in place of Paul Millsap . Dwight Howard notably had only two points and six boards . Tim Hardaway , Jr. led the bench with 11 points , and Jon Hardaway , Jr. posted a 16 - point , 9 - rebound double - double . Tim Hardaway , Jr. led the bench with 10 points and also put together a highlight - low 27 minutes . The Pistons ' next game will be on Friday against the Rockets , while the Hawks will be at hom to play the Detroit Pistons on Friday . The Pistons travel to Portland to take on the Celtics on Sunday evening , while the Pistons head north of the border to face off with the Toronto Raptors on Friday evening . The Pistons also posted 54 points on the night , while also limited their ball movement to 7 - for - 22 .
The Boston Celtics defeated the host New York Knicks , 115 - 87 , at Madison Square Garden on Monday . These are two teams who will battle to sneak into the playoffs , but the Celtics looked like the far superior team in this game . They nearly pulled out a wire - to - wire win , as the Knicks never led by more than one and failed to tie or recapture the lead after the first quarter . The assist - to - turnover differential was the decisive statistic , as the Celtics recorded 23 assists to six turnovers , while the Knicks committed 25 turnovers to 19 assists . Isaiah Thomas led the Knicks in scoring , as he tallied 29 points , three rebounds and four assists . Kristaps Porzingis was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 14 points and six rebounds . Derrick Rose was the only other starter in double figures , tallying 11 points , four rebounds and six assists . Kelly Olynyk was huge off the bench , as he provided 19 points , seven rebounds , three assists and two steals . Isaiah Thomas was the player of the game , as he accumulated 29 points , three assists and three steals . Kristaps Porzingis finished with 14 points , six rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Avery Bradley collected 15 points , four rebounds and six assists . Isaiah Thomas led the Celtics in scoring , dropping 29 points and dishing out four assists . Kristaps Porzingis also scored 14 points , adding six rebounds and two blocks to his tally .
The Los Angeles Clippers defeated the Charlotte Hornets 124 - 121 at American Airlines Center on Wednesday . These are two teams going in opposite directions and this result shows just which way . This game was close throughout though , as there were 19 ties and 19 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 36 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive , as the Clippers recorded five more assists than the Hornets , while committing five less turnovers . DeAndre Jordan was the only bright spot for Charlotte , as he tallied 20 points , 19 rebounds and two steals . Frank Kaminsky recorded a double - double off the bench , totaling 19 points and 6 rebounds . Jeremy Lamb was a nice spark off the bench , collecting 19 points , six rebounds and two assists . The Clippers ( 25 - 34 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Blake Griffin continued his great form , as he led the team with 43 points , 10 rebounds and five assists . Chris Paul was n't far behind , finishing with 15 points , nine rebounds and 17 assists . DeAndre Jordan recorded a double - double , totaling 20 points , 19 rebounds , three steals and two blocks . Frank Kaminsky got the start at center and totaled 16 points , five rebounds and four assists . The Hornets will look to get out of this slide on Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers .
C.J . McCollum may have the hot hand at the moment for the Portland Trail Blazers , and his 37 points led all scorers in the win over the Memphis Grizzlies at home on Wednesday , but it was Maurice Harkless who led the way with 37 points on 8 - of - 23 shooting , including 6 - of - 12 from long range , in 39 minutes off the bench . Maurice Conley added 16 points , while Mike Conley chipped in 16 points to go along with seven rebounds and seven assists . Meanwhile , Chandler Parsons led the way for the Grizzlies with 18 points on 8 - of - 15 shooting , along with seven rebounds , in 34 minutes off the bench . Six other players scored in double digits for the Blazers , including Vince Carter , who finished with 18 points , along with three rebounds and two assists , in 34 minutes . Tony Allen was the only other player to score in double digits for the Grizzlies , as he finished with 11 points , to go along with seven rebounds , in 22 minutes . The Trail Blazers will play the second night of a back - to - back as they travel to Dallas to take on the Mavericks on Saturday . Meanwhile , seven players scored in double digits for the Grizzlies ( 3 - 4 ) , with Vince Napier led the way with 11 points in 26 minutes off the bench . The Grizzlies will go on to visit Washington on Sunday , as they look for a second straight win .
The Chicago Bulls defeated the host Philadelphia 76ers , 105 - 89 , at Wells Fargo Center on Friday . This was a game that was expected to be close throughout and these elite teams did n't disappoint in this overtime thriller . In fact , there were 12 ties and 15 lead changes in total , with neither team leading by more than 11 points . The assist - to - turnover ratio was the difference in the game , with the Bulls recording 24 assists to 12 turnovers , while the Sixers committed 19 turnovers to just 18 assists . Jimmy Butler led the way for Philadelphia , as he tallied 26 points , four rebounds , three assists and three blocks . Rajon Rondo was second on the team , accumulating 26 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Rajon Rondo flirted with a triple - double , accumulating 6 points , eight rebounds and 10 assists . Jimmy Butler led the team in scoring , as he accumulated 26 points , four rebounds and three assists on 10 - of - 15 shooting . Jimmy Butler was n't far behind , collecting 26 points , four rebounds and three assists . Ersan Ilyasova was n't far behind , collecting 14 points and seven rebounds . The Sixers will be off until Wednesday , when they host the Toronto Raptors for their next game . The Bulls ( 4 - 12 ) got some great efforts from their stud players , but fell just short when it mattered the most . Jimmy Butler did n't let , though , as he tallied 26 points , four rebounds and three assists . Rajon Rondo was the only other starter in double figures , as he accumulated 6 points , eight rebounds and 10 assists . Chicago will look to bounce back on Sunday in a road matchup against the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Minnesota Rockets ( 15 - 14 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 4 - 14 ) 114 - 112 on Tuesday at the Target Center in Minneapolis . Right from the tip - off , the Timberwolves were clearly the better offensive team in this one . They capped off the first half with a 48 - 39 point lead , giving them enough of an advantage to coast to a victory on the road . They shot 49 percent from the field and 38 percent from the three - point line , compared to the Timberwolves , who shot only 46 percent from the floor and 30 percent from beyond the arc . James Harden led the way for the Timberwolves , finishing with 38 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 13 - 14 FT ) , four rebounds and six assists in 37 minutes . He was able to get to the free throw line a wopping 14 times , and converted on 13 out of those attempts . Young on the other hand shot 9 - for - 20 from the field and 0 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 19 points . He also came just shy of a double - double with nine rebounds to go along with it . It was one of his better games for the Timberwolves this season , but it was n't enough to get them the victory . Coming off the bench , Donatas Motiejunas added 13 points ( 4 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 5 - 6 FT ) , eight rebounds and three blocked shots in 40 minutes . Considering he 's averaging 17 points on the season , it was a nice surprise for the Timberwolves . Gorgui Dieng added a double - double as well , with 15 points ( 6 - 9 FG , 3 - 3 FT ) and six rebounds . With Dwight Howard sitting out on suspension after accumulating a flagrant foul during the 2014 - 20 postseason , it was James Harden and Shabazz Muhammad who did everything he could to keep the Timberwolves in this game . Harden went 11 - for - 17 from the field and 3 - for - 5 from the three - point line to score 38 points , while also adding six rebounds and six assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Rockets ' seven - game win streak . Harden on the other hand finished with 38 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 13 - 14 FT ) , six rebounds and six assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . Harden recorded 38 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 13 - 14 FT ) , four rebounds and six assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . Harden finished with 38 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 13 - 14 FT ) , four rebounds and six assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . Harden finished with 38 points ( 11 - 17 FG , 3 - 5 3Pt , 13 - 14 FT ) , four rebounds and six assists , coming just shy of a triple - double . Like Harden he 's been on fire of
The New Orleans Pelicans defeated the Phoenix Suns , 120 - 119 , at Talking Stick Resort Arena on Sunday . The Pelicans ( 8 - 17 ) checked in to the contest short - handed , as both Rudy Gay ( hip ) and John Chandler ( illness ) were able to muster the net on the second night of a back - to - back . The Suns ( 7 - 17 ) were able to pierce New Orleans ' armor Wednesday , touching up Gregg Popovich 's crew for a season - high 119 points . Phoenix was led by Jrue Holiday 's 23 points , which he supplemented with eight assists , three rebounds and two steals . Jrue Holiday was right behind him with 23 points , three assists , three rebounds and two steals . Langston Galloway and Langston Galloway were next with a pair of 17 - point efforts , with the former adding three rebounds , an assist and a steal , and the latter posting 11 boards , four assists , five steals and a block . Langston Galloway matched Booker 's point total and added five boards and a block . Langston Galloway paced the bench with 12 points , three rebounds and a block . The Suns remain in third place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division , and are currently slotted in the seventh seed in the conference as well . They head to Indiana to take on the Pacers on Monday night . Bledsoe paced the Suns ( 7 - 17 ) with 23 points , three rebounds , three assists and two steals , while Jrue Holiday posted a 13 - point , 4 - assist double - double that also featured three rebounds and five steals . Devin Booker totaled 16 points , five rebounds , five assists and a steal . Tim Frazier filled out the stat sheet with 14 points , eight assists , three rebounds and a block . Jared Dudley filled out the stat sheet off the bench as well , registering 12 points , seven rebounds , an assist and three steals . Leandro Barbosa was productive in a reserve role as well with 12 points , two boards , three assists and a steal . The Pelicans remain in second place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They head to Philadelphia to take on the Sixers on Monday night .
The Oklahoma City Thunder defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 103 - 97 , at Chesapeake Energy Arena on Saturday . Russell Westbrook has been virtually unstoppable the majority of the season , but had been somewhat human the last three games after seeing a streak of six consecutive triple - doubles snapped against the Celtics on Dec. 0 . However , matched up Saturday against one of the most porous defenses in the league , especially against point guards , the perennial All-Star exploded for 32 points , nine assists and a rebound over 36 minutes . It was Westbrook 's third double - double in the last seven games , a stretch where he 's averaged 82 points , 54 rebounds , and 3 assists per game . Meanwhile , the Thunder ( 1 - 1 ) were able to pierce Oklahoma City 's armor Wednesday , touching up Gregg Popovich 's crew for a season - high 97 points . Oklahoma City was led by Russell Westbrook , who posted a game - high 32 points , nine assists and four rebounds . Joel Embiid was next with a 16 - point , 5 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and three steals . Sergio Rodriguez supplied 12 points , nine assists , four rebounds and a block . Robert Covington turned in a modest but full stat line of 10 points , four rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Ersan Ilyasova was productive in a reserve role as well with 10 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Russell Westbrook led the way for Oklahoma City with 32 points , nine rebounds , nine assists and three blocks . Joel Embiid was next with a 16 - point , five - rebound double - double that also included an assist and three steals . C.J . Stauskas managed 13 points , four rebounds and an assist , while Robert Covington produced 10 points , five rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Ersan Ilyasova paced the Sixers bench with 10 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again Sunday afternoon for a date with the Houston Rockets .
The Detroit Pistons defeated the Denver Nuggets , 103 - 86 , at Pepsi Center on Saturday . A truly balanced offensive attack , superior ball security and stingy defense are a winning combination more often than not , and such was the case for the Pistons ( 4 - 2 ) on Saturday . All five members of Detroit 's starting five tallied double - digit scoring , and super - reserve Jon Leuer pitched in off the bench with a 15 - point , 3 - rebound double - double as well . The Pistons also committed only 13 turnovers while eliciting 16 from the Nuggets ( 2 - 3 ) , and tallied a stellar 48 percent success rate from the field . The visitors also built themselves a cushion early , winning the first quarter by a 29 - 12 margin that would serve them well the rest of the way . Wilson Chandler totaled 21 points in 31 minutes as a reserve . Danilo Gallinari 's 16 points paced Denver , a total he supplemented with nine rebounds , an assist , three blocks and a steal . Ish Smith was next with a bench - leading 16 points , which he supplemented with three rebounds , two assists and two steals . Kentavious Caldwell-Pope registered 13 points , 1 assists , a rebound and a steal . Jusuf Nurkic contributed 10 points , five rebounds , an assist , two steals and a block . Emmanuel Mudiay paced the second unit with 11 points , three assists , two rebounds and a steal . The Pistons continue on the road and head to Milwaukee for a Saturday night showdown with the Bucks , while the Nuggets are home against the Brooklyn Nets on Monday night .
The Denver Nuggets ( 11 - 14 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 9 - 15 ) 112 - 100 on Sunday . Denver has won two straight , and they earned Saturday 's win without several of their frontcourt players . Brook Lopez remains out indefinitely with a lower back injury , while Kevin Garnett sat out to rest his foot on the second night of a back - to - back , and Mirza Teletovic missed a third straight game with a hip pointer . Kenneth Faried put together a solid game , putting up 19 points and 10 rebounds in 28 minutes . Zach LaVine moved back to a bench role , but that did n't stop him from having the best game of his rookie career . He put up 15 points in 25 minutes off the bench . The Timberwolves will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Minnesota has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Timberwolves will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Timberwolves have the right guys to build a winning team around . Andrew Wiggins paced the Timberwolves with his second triple - double of the season , consisting of 23 points , 1 - of - 1 from the field , 1 - 1 from distance and 4 assists . Karl-Anthony Towns pitched in an double - double with 18 points and 10 rebounds and added one assist and a steal . Randy Foye added 19 points , two rebounds , two assists and two steals . The Timberwolves have two days off before hosting the Milwuakee Bucks on Wednesday , while the Timberwolves will travel to Utah to take on the Jazz on Saturday .
The Golden State Warriors ( 4 - 2 ) defeated the Memphis Grizzlies ( 2 - 4 ) , 108 - 95 , in Game 3 of the Western Conference Semifinals on Friday . In a battle between two Western Conference contenders , the Warriors were able to prevail with a huge road win . The key for Golden State was their shooting , as they shot 51 percent from the field and 47 percent from beyond the arc , while the Grizzlies shot 51 percent from the field and 25 percent from three - point range . The rebounding was a huge factor as well , with the Warriors winning that battle , 47 - 43 . Memphis also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 47 - 43 . The Grizzlies have been playing better ball recently , but this loss guaranteed that they 'd miss the playoffs yet again . Stephen Curry was spectacular , as he tallied 32 points , six rebounds and 10 assists . Marc Gasol also played well , as he totaled 16 points , 12 rebounds and two assists . Vince Carter turned back the clock and contributed 16 points and three rebounds on 5 - of - 7 shooting off the bench . Shaun Lee had one of his best games of the season as well , as he amassed 16 points , three rebounds and two steals . The Warriors will look to keep this momentum going against the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . This is a downright bad loss for the Grizzlies and they continue to fall deeper and deeper out of the playoffs . Stephen Curry led the team with 32 points , while also recording six rebounds and 10 assists . Draymond Green flirted with yet another triple - double , as he accumulated 21 points , four rebounds and four assists . Golden State will look to add to their historic run when it faces the Houston Rockets in the playoffs .
The Golden State Warriors ( 3 - 0 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 3 ) 123 - 119 on Saturday . This was a mismatch on paper and that ended up being the case on Saturday . The Warriors dominated in nearly every category , as they recorded more rebounds , assists , blocks and steals than the Pelicans . It was a relatively clean game played all - around though , as there were only 26 combined turnovers between both teams . It was a much closer game than expected and the credit has to go to this winless Sixers team to put in a strong effort night - after - night despite losing every single game . Luckily for New Orleans , this will be the only time they 'll have to face the Warriors in Golden State this season . This was one of the worst offensive performances that the Pelicans have had all season and it 's a shame they couldn’t keep the Pelicans off the free - throw line . Stephen Curry has been one of the most underrated players in the NBA this season and he flirted with a triple - double in this game as well . He finished with 19 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Draymond Green also had a nice game , as he amassed 12 points , 17 rebounds and five assists in the victory . This is a scary team right now and the sky is the limit with the way they are currently playing . The Warriors will play the Phoenix Suns on Friday in their next game to try to extend their already record - breaking streak .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 38 - 38 ) defeated the Denver Nuggets ( 33 - 49 ) 107 - 99 in overtime on Monday at the Moda Center in Portland . The Trail Blazers got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Trail Blazers 27 - 31 in the first quarter alone . The Trail Blazers were the superior shooters in this game , going 44 percent from the field and 31 percent from the three - point line , while the Nuggets finished at 43 percent from the floor and just 28 percent from deep . After going on record saying he 'd come out much more agressive in this outing , Emmanuel Mudiay backed up the slack , going 11 - for - 23 from the field and 1 - for - 4 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 25 points , to go along with six rebounds and six assists . It was far - and - away his best game of the season so far , as it marked a new season - high in points , along with being his first double - double of the year . He 's averaging just 4 - for - 10 from the field and 1 - for - 0 from the three - point line over his last two games , but he was able to get to the free throw line at a high rate . In the two games since returning from the All-Star break , he 's combined for 49 points , 10 rebounds and eight assists . Rookie Jusuf Nurkic nearly had a double - double of his own , as he finished with 11 points ( 5 - 13 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 1 - 4 FT ) and 14 rebounds . It was his first double - double of the season , and he 's now combined for 55 points and 24 rebounds in his last two games .
The Sacramento Kings ( 7 - 5 ) defeated the Chicago Bulls ( 8 - 4 ) 103 - 88 on Friday . Sacramento has won three straight games , and in their last two games , they 've scored at least 118 points . Their offense is firing on all cylinders , and coach David Blatt is using unconventional lineups to get the work done . He 's regularly used DeMarcus Cousins as his replacement in the backcourt , and he has been averaging over 35 points per game over the last seven contests . The Sacramento product put up 23 points , eight rebounds , an assist and two steals in 37 minutes . Darren Collison also put together a nice game , recording 17 points , six rebounds and 12 assists in 40 minutes . Rudy Gay scored a team - high 20 points and had seven rebounds in 35 minutes . The Kings will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . Chicago has lost two straight , and despite the absence of starters George George ( ankle ) and George Hill ( knee ) being out , the team is healthy , but they have n't found their groove yet this season . Joakim Noah had a double - double of 10 points and 11 rebounds , while all five Chicago starters finished in double figures . Rudy Gay led the team in scoring , putting up 20 points to go along with seven rebounds in 35 minutes . The Bulls will head to Denver to face the Nuggets on Sunday , as the Kings will host the Oklahoma City Thunder .
The Boston Celtics ( 23 - 33 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 23 - 33 ) 106 - 98 on Monday at TD Garden . Under coach Brad Stevens , the young Celtics have exceeded many preseason predictions to this point in the season . Boston holds the league 's second - best defensive rating , and currently remains tied with Atlanta for the third seed in the Eastern Conference . Wednesday 's win over Charlotte marked the franchise 's seventh victory in a row . On the other hand , however , it was a night to forget , as the team shot a respectable 42 percent from the field . The team also saw encouraging play from veteran big man Mo Williams , who contributed a 19 - point , 2 - assist double - double . Guard Avery Bradley led the team with 19 points , pulling down five rebounds and dishing out two assists . As a team , Boston shot a stellar 42 percent from the field and 48 percent from beyond the arc . For Charlotte , meanwhile , the backcourt of Evan Turner and Isaiah Thomas combined for just 31 points on 9 - of - 26 shooting from the field . The team also struggled to crash the glass , with no one reaching double - digit rebounding on the night . Game 6 will see the Celtics return to Chesapeake Energy Arena with a chance to close out the series at Madison Square Garden . The Hornets were able to take a big lead in overtime , but fell short in the end with another strong loss .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Memphis Grizzlies , 90 - 81 , to take a 20 lead in the Western Conference first - round playoffs Tuesday at American Airlines Arena . Both teams started the game strong , but the Heat were exceptional as they shot 74 percent from the field on their way to a playoff franchise - high 72 points in the first half and a 15 - point lead going into halftime . The Heat were able to ride their lead until the final buzzer as they led by double digits for the entirety of the final three quarters . Their lead swelled to 20 at halftime as the Grizzlies barely put up a fight . Tyler Johnson led all scorers with 22 points ( 8 - 17 FG , 1 - 5 3Pt , 5 - 7 FT ) , along with five rebounds , two steals , one block and one block , in 33 minutes . Mike Conley provided 16 points , four rebounds , three assists and one steal , in 23 minutes . Josh Richardson chipped in 12 points , on 4 - 10 shooting , including 4 - 4 from deep , along with three rebounds , four assists , one steal and one block , in 27 minutes . The Grizzlies will look to get back on track as they go on to play host to the Magic on Monday . The Grizzlies ( 10 - 6 ) earned their second straight win and move to 5 - 5 at home this season . They now have a couple days off before embarking on a three - game road trip , which begins in Indiana on Tuesday . The Heat will move on to Utah for the second game of their current six - game road trip , on Saturday .
The Cleveland Cavaliers ( 51 - 27 ) defeated the Milwaukee Bucks ( 38 - 40 ) 104 - 99 on Wednesday . The Cavs haven now clinched the Central Division title , but remain in a dogfight for the top seed in the Eastern Conference with the Toronto Raptors . With only a 2 - game lead coming in to the night , Cleveland finds itself in a must - win scenario for the time being every time they take the court . Fortunately , they were back at full health Wednesday , with Zaza Pachulia back after a one - game absence due to an illness . The power forward was outstanding in his return , taking advantage of the Bucks ' nototriously vulnerable frontcourt to post a 19 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists , a steal and a block . Irving 's 27 points paced Cleveland , a total he supplemented with nine assists , four rebounds , three steals and a block . Irving was next with 27 points , four rebounds , nine assists and three steals . Khris Middleton tallied 16 points , four boards and a pair of steals . Tristan Thompson contributed a 11 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . The Bucks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are 7 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head home to take on the Sacramento Kings on Saturday . The Bucks ' attack was led by Kyrie Irving , who posted a game - high 27 points , and complemented it with nine assists , four rebounds and three steals . Irving was next with 27 points , nine assists , four rebounds and three steals . Khris Middleton followed with 16 points , four rebounds and an assist . Tristan Thompson managed a 11 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a block . The Bucks remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Central Division , and are 7 games behind the eighth - seeded Detroit Pistons . They head home to take on the Toronto Raptors on Monday night .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 7 - 7 ) defeated the Toronto Raptors ( 24 - 8 ) 102 - 97 on Sunday . Portland is on a three - game win streak , but Wednesday 's win came with a special meaning for the Blazers as it was the first game they 've played this season without Robin Lopez . Lopez is expected to miss up to two months with a broken right hand . LaMarcus Aldridge shifted over to center so that James Johnson could step into the starting lineup at power forward . Aldridge put up 23 points and 11 rebounds in 30 minutes . LaMarcus Aldridge had a double - double of 14 points and eight rebounds in 30 minutes . The Trail Blazers will wrap up their current five - game road trip against the Detroit Pistons on Sunday . Toronto has dropped two straight as they try not to falter too much following their promising four - game win streak . Damian Lillard lead the way with a game - high 26 points and nine assists , but he shot just 9 - of - 24 from the field in 42 minutes.The only other Trail Blazer to score in double figures was Nicolas Batum , who recorded 13 points , three rebounds and three assists . Nicolas Batum also put together a solid all - around performance , recording 23 points , seven rebounds and five assists in 41 minutes . The Blazers will face the second night of a back - to - back on Tuesday when they host the Nets . The Trail Blazers will return home to host the Lakers on Wednesday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 25 - 8 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 8 - 8 ) 115 - 107 on Wednesday . The recent form of these teams would have indicated a result like this and it was well out of hand early . In fact , the Hawks had a 29 - point lead headed into the fourth quarter . The defense was key for the Hawks , as they held the Trail Blazers to 45 percent shooting and forced them to commit 18 turnovers . The Hawks have been playing better recently , but this was an ugly performance . Kent Bazemore was the hero , as he sneakily drew a foul with less than a second left and sinked the two free - throws to win the game . Atlanta had won three of their last four coming into this , but couldn’t hold a late lead on the road against a struggling Trail Blazers team . They made some crucial mistakes late that ultimately cost them the game , and that 's strange considering this team thrives off their veteran leadership . Paul Millsap led the team with 27 points , six rebounds and four assists despite going 0 - for - 8 from three - point range . Thabo Sefolosha came off the bench to score 13 points on 3 - of - 4 shooting . Dorell Wright and Dorell Wright remained sidelined and showed together off the bench , as they combined for 45 points , 0 rebounds , and 11 assists in the win . The Hawks will look to keep this momentum going against the Indiana Pacers on Sunday .
The Charlotte Hornets defeated the New York Knicks , 95 - 93 , at Spectrum Center on Wednesday . The refrain is a familiar one for the Hornets ( 4 - 4 ) , but does n't seem to get old : The dynamic duo of Carmelo Anthony and Nicolas Batum supply a significant portion of the offense , and the complementary pieces around them step up in support as needed . That formula equaled another home victory for Charlotte on Thursday , their 11th of the season in 32 home games . Anthony Anthony led the way with 29 points , six rebounds and four assists , while Nicolas Batum contributed 24 points , six assists , five rebounds and a steal . Jeremy Lin stepped up with a 17 - point , 3 - assist double - double that also included two rebounds and a pair of steals . Jose Calderon was the only other starter that scored in double digits , tallying 13 points , five assists , two rebounds and a block . Kristaps Jefferson managed a modest 10 points but hauled in 15 rebounds . Arron Afflalo and Jose Calderon turned in matching 12 - point efforts , with the former adding four rebounds , five assists , two steals and one block , and the latter providing seven boards , five assists and one steal . Cody Zeller managed 12 points , four rebounds , three assists , one block and one block . Kristaps Porzingis contributed a 10 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included one block . Arron Afflalo registered 12 points , four assists and six rebounds . Kristaps Porzingis had a quiet game by his standards , posting 10 points , four rebounds , two assists and two blocks . Kristaps Porzingis supplied 10 points , 15 boards and two blocks . Jose Calderon had a near double - double with 13 points , nine rebounds , five assists and one steal . Kristaps Porzingis managed 10 points , two rebounds and two steals . Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 14 points and four rebounds . Carmelo Anthony paced the Hornets with a game - high 29 points , which he complemented with six rebounds and four assists . Kristaps Batum posted a 10 - point , 15 - rebound double - double that also included one block . Jose Calderon supplied 13 points , two assists , two rebounds and one steal . Cody Zeller registered 12 points , four rebounds , three assists , one block and one block . The Hornets head back home to tangle with the Detroit Pistons on Wednesday night , while the Hornets head to the Nation 's Capital to tangle with the Washington Wizards on Tuesday evening .
The host Golden State Warriors took down the visiting Toronto Raptors , 115 - 110 , on Wednesday . Golden State ( 12 - 0 ) maintains the league 's top record , despite leading by only a game and a half over the San Antonio Spurs . The Warriors have the league 's highest - scoring offense , and showed their firepower again against the tough Toronto D. Three players scored 20 or more for Golden State . Reigning MVP Steph Curry scored 37 to go with five rebounds and six assists . Former MVP Kyle Lowry scored 28 points to go with six rebounds and three assists . As a team , the Warriors shot a whopping 54 percent from the field and reached the line 54 percent from beyond the arc . As a team , the Warriors hit over 54 percent of their shots from beyond the arc . Toronto ( 7 - 5 ) , meanwhile , has been surging lately , pushing their way to the playoff picture after a dismal 13 - 39 start to the season . On Sunday , the Raptors showed the intensity that led them to their playoff push , out - rebounding the Warriors by seven and coming away with 20 forced turnovers . Center Kyle Green was one of the few bright spots for Toronto , as he led the team with 28 points and six rebounds . Guard Klay Thompson , meanwhile , scored 19 while going 2 - of - 9 from three - point range . Shooting guard Andrew Bogut contributed 13 points , six rebounds , and two assists in the team 's debut .
The Chicago Bulls ( 38 - 37 ) defeated the Houston Rockets ( 37 - 39 ) 103 - 100 on Wednesday at the United Center in Chicago . The Bulls got off to a quick start in this one , out - scoring the Rockets 57 - 49 in the first half . Along with their quick start , the Bulls also used their superior shooting to grab an advantage , going 48 percent from the field and 46 percent from the three - point line , while the Rockets went 40 percent from the floor and a meager 36 percent from beyond the arc . To put the icing on the cake , the Bulls also secured a 42 - 45 rebounding advantage . The Bulls were led by the duo of James Harden and Nikola Mirotic . Mirotic went 8 - for - 14 from the field and 5 - for - 10 from the 1 - point line to score a game - high of 28 points , while also adding four rebounds and three blocked shots . It was his second double - double in a row , a stretch where he 's combined for 37 points and 24 rebounds . He 's now pushed his season averages to 28 points and 6 rebounds per game . Butler on the other hand went 8 - for - 13 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 21 points , while also adding six rebounds and six assists . He 's had two solid showings in a row , combining for 39 points , 12 rebounds and seven assists over that span . Doug McDermott was a big part in as many minutes off the bench , as he posted 15 points ( 6 - 14 FG , 2 - 2 FT ) and nine rebounds . The Bulls ' next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Friday , while the Rockets will travel to Washington to play the Wizards on Friday .
The Miami Heat ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Washington Wizards ( 0 - 1 ) 107 - 95 on Wednesday at the American Airlines Arena in Miami Florida . The Heat were able to use a strong second quarter , where they out - scored the Wizards 60 - 41 , to coast to a 10 - point victory on the road . The Heat shot 48 percent from the field and 32 percent from the three - point line , while the Wizards finished at 48 percent from the floor and 32 percent from beyond the arc . The Heat were able to force the Wizards into 14 turnovers , while committing only 14 of their own , which may have been the difference in this one . The Heat were led by the duo of Chris Bosh and Norris Cole . Cole went 9 - for - 18 from the field and 3 - for - 4 from the three - point line to finish with a team - high of 23 points , while also adding 15 rebounds and a blocked shot . In the eight games following the All-Star break , he 's looked very well rested and has averaged 13 points and 7 rebounds over that span . Wade , on the other hand , finished with 21 points ( 8 - 16 FG , 3 - 3 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) , three assists and two steals . He had a poor showing in Saturday 's game against the Nets , so it was good to see him get back on track . Also , coming off the bench , Luol Deng recorded a double - double of his own , with 18 points ( 5 - 11 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 4 - 5 FT ) and 7 rebounds . It was his eighteenth start of the year , while the double - double marked his third of the season . Luol Deng added 12 points ( 4 - 10 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) and four rebounds , while Otto Porter had 13 points ( 4 - 7 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 4 - 6 FT ) and four rebounds . The Heat 's next game will be on the road against the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday , while the Wizards will travel to Orlando to play the Magic on Friday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 13 - 14 ) defeated the Charlotte Hornets ( 6 - 19 ) 111 - 106 on Saturday . Phoenix has won four straight games , and in their last three games , they 've scored at least 118 points . Their offense is firing on all cylinders , and coach David Blatt is using unconventional lineups to get the work done . He 's regularly used Kemba Walker as the point guard . The Suns have two days off before commencing a five - game road trip against the resurging Utah Jazz . The Hornets have two days off before going on the road to the play the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday . The Suns ( 6 - 19 ) came into this game as a rare favorite and they did n't disappoint . The biggest discrepancy in the game was the free - throw shooting , as the Suns went 38 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range . The defense was huge as well , as the Hornets were held to 22 points on 13 - of - 47 shooting . Kemba Walker was his usual self though , as he scored a game - high 27 points , while also adding two assists and two steals . Goran Dragic flirted with a triple - double train , as he accumulated 13 points , eight rebounds and seven assists in the win . Phoenix has a tough task ahead of them though , as they travel to play the Golden State Warriors on Wednesday in their next game . The Suns played one of their best defensive games of the season in a statement win . Al Jefferson had a huge game though , as he tallied 28 points , 10 rebounds , two assists and two steals in the win . Isaiah Thomas also had a nice game , as he amassed 23 points , three assists and three rebounds in the win . Phoenix will look to build off this win when they take on the Oklahoma City Thunder on Thursday .
The Miami Heat defeated the host Orlando Magic , 130 - 136 , at Amway Center on Saturday . In a battle between two struggling teams , there were numerous swings , as it was clear both squads were desperate for a win . There were 10 ties and 10 lead changes in total , with no team leading by more than 12 points . Miami took care of business in the fourth quarter , outscoring Orlando , 20 - 24 . Rebounding was a huge factor , with the Heat winning that battle , 48 - 47 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 13 more assists and committing three less turnovers . The Heat ( 9 - 20 ) have been one of the surprises of the season and a comeback road win here just adds to their impressive resume ' . Hassan Vucevic continued his fantastic form , as he led the team with 32 points and 15 rebounds . Goran Dragic was second on the team , finishing with 19 points , four rebounds and five assists . Justise Winslow accumulated 13 points , five rebounds and two assists of his own . Justise Winslow was the only other Heat player in double figures , as he accumulated 13 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Magic ( 9 - 17 ) have been unlucky in terms of results this season and a win over the Magic shows just how good they can be . Serge Ibaka led the team in scoring , as he totaled 22 points and nine rebounds on 8 - of - 13 shooting . Goran Dragic finished second on the team , accruing 19 points , four rebounds and five assists . Justise Winslow accumulated 13 points , five rebounds and two assists . The Magic will look to keep rolling on Monday in a home matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Toronto Raptors defeated the Detroit Pistons , 109 - 90 , at Air Canada Centre on Wednesday . The Raptors ( 0 - 1 ) invested heavily into their star two - guard DeMar DeRozan in the offseason , inking the 27 - year old to a five - year , $ 139 million contract . He began paying immediate dividends on that hefty sum Wednesday , tallying a game - high 40 points and adding four rebounds , an assist and a steal . While the stellar showing was n't necessarily a surprise from a player of his caliber , the fact that Jonas Valanciunas , and not Kyle Lowry , checked in as Toronto 's second - leading scorer was a tad more unexpected . The veteran big man dominated in his showdown with Andre Drummond , posting a 32 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included an assist . The dominant Raptors , which outscored Detroit in every quarter , did n't need much else , with Lowry the only other player to hit double digits on the scoreboard . The Pistons ( 0 - 1 ) were led by Tobias Harris ' 22 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Marcus Morris supplied a near double - double with 17 points , nine boards , three assists and a steal , but struggled from long range , draining only a pair of his eight three - point attempts . Drummond tallied 16 points , six rebounds and a steal , while the starting backcourt of Ish Smith and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope only managed 10 combined points on 4 - for - 19 shooting . In addition to the combined 72 points they received from DeRozan and Valanciunas , the Raptors saw Lowry pitch in with 10 points , eight assists , five boards and a steal . Accuracy was the All-Star point guard 's biggest issue , as he could only manage a 3 - for - 13 tally from the field , including 1 - for - 5 from behind the arc . DeMarre Carroll registered eight points , seven rebounds , an assist and a steal , while rookie Pascal Siakam went for four points , nine boards and a steal over 22 minutes . Detroit next takes on the Magic in their home opener on Friday , while Toronto remains home for an Eastern Conference Finals re - match with the Cavaliers on Friday as well .
The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the host Utah Jazz , 91 - 83 , at Vivint Smart Home Arena on Saturday . In a battle between two of the best defenses in the NBA , this game was tight throughout . In fact , neither team had more than a nine - point lead until the final six minutes , as there were nine ties and 15 lead changes in total . The second half is where the Cavaliers really turned it on , outscoring Utah , 65 - 48 over the final 24 minutes . Cleveland was lights - out from the field , shooting 42 percent from the field and 27 percent from three - point range . LeBron James carried the load for Cleveland , as he tallied 33 points , 10 rebounds and six assists on 13 - of - 20 shooting . Kyrie Irving was n't far behind , tallying 21 points and four assists . Rudy Gobert finished with another double - double , totaling 20 points , 20 rebounds , two steals and two blocks . Gordon Hayward accrued 13 points , four rebounds and four assists . LeBron James recorded a triple - double , as he accumulated 33 points , 10 rebounds and 6 assists . Kyrie Irving led the team with 21 points , adding four rebounds and four assists to his tally . Rudy Gobert was the only other Cavaliers player in double figures , as he accumulated 10 points , nine rebounds and four assists . The Cavaliers will look to build off this win on Wednesday in a road matchup against the Milwaukee Bucks .
The Sacramento Kings ( 27 - 50 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 16 - 61 ) by a score of 116 - 111 on Sunday . Sacramento came into this game as a double - digit favorite and simply couldn’t hold off a bad Kings team . The key for Sacramento was their shooting , as they shot 53 percent from the field and 38 percent from beyond the arc , while the Timberwolves shot 48 percent from the field and 32 percent from long range . The rebounding was huge for Sacramento as well , as they snatched down 49 rebounds to the Timberwolves 36 . Minnesota has been throttling teams , but this was easily their worst offensive performance of the year . No player scored more than 26 points and no player recorded double - digits in rebounds or assists . Zach LaVine had a nice game as well , as he amassed 21 points , five rebounds and four assists . Sacramento has a quick turnaround , as they play the Los Angeles Clippers on Friday in their next game . Sacramento has been struggling recently , but they showed some great resiliency in this game against a talented Minnesota team . Omri Casspi led the team in scoring , dropping 31 points on 12 - for - 20 shooting in the loss . Zach LaVine also had a nice game , as he amassed 21 points , 11 assists and five rebounds . The Timberwolves will look to play better in their next game on Monday against the Los Angeles Clippers . This was one of Sacramento 's best games of the season , as they got to sit the starters for the entirety of the fourth quarter . Kevin Martin had one of his best games of the season , as he tallied 31 points and five rebounds in the loss . Zach LaVine also had a nice game , as he amassed 21 points , 11 assists and five rebounds . Up next for Minnesota is a matchup with the Dallas Mavericks on Sunday .
The Atlanta Hawks ( 1 - 0 ) defeated the Brooklyn Nets ( 0 - 1 ) 99 - 92 on Wednesday at Philips Arena in Atlanta . After coming out of the third quarter down 71 - 64 , the Hawks were able to out - score the Nets 25 - 30 in the third quarter , giving them enough of an advantage to grab the four - point victory on the road in Brooklyn . The Hawks were the superior shooters in this game , going 43 percent from the field and 33 percent from the three - point line , while the Nets went just 46 percent from the floor and a meager 25 percent from deep . The Hawks also forced the Nets into 17 turnovers , while committing just 7 of their own . The Hawks were led by the duo of Kyle Korver and Joe Johnson . Korver went 6 - for - 12 from the field and 5 - for - 11 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 21 points , while also adding seven rebounds and three assists . He 's now combined for 59 points over his last two games , as he 's been a big part in the Hawks ' seven - game win streak . Teague on the other hand shot 6 - for - 12 from the field and 1 - for - 2 from the three - point line to score 17 points , while also adding three assists . After shooting just 24 percent ( 5 - 13 FG ) from the field in Sunday 's game against the Rockets , it was good to see him get things turned around . Dennis Schroder finished with 17 points ( 6 - 17 FG , 0 - 6 3Pt , 5 - 8 FT ) and six assists as well . While he did n't reach his season average of 12 points per game , it was still a very positive all - around effort . They only other player to reach double figures was Jarrett Jack , who came off the bench for 13 points ( 5 - 8 FG , 0 - 0 3Pt , 2 - 3 FT ) and two assists . The Hawks ' next game will be at home against the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday , while the Nets will travel to Brooklyn to play the Nets on Friday .
Wire-to-wire wins are quite the accomplishment in the NBA and it feels even better against a division rival . Indiana did just that , as this game was out of hand early . All five starters played well for the Pacers , as they all had at least one assist and one steal en route to a double - digit plus - minus margin . David West was the lone bright spot for Brooklyn , as he led the team with 22 points and six rebounds . George Hill was n't far behind , finishing with 20 points , six rebounds and two assists of his own . David West recorded a double - double , amassing 17 points and 5 rebounds . Luis Scola was a huge spark off the bench , as he provided 13 points and 4 rebounds . Things do n't get any easier for Brooklyn , as they travel to play the San Antonio Spurs on Wednesday for their next game . The Pacers ( 11 - 20 ) have been dominant at home all season , but this was a devastating loss in a game they were supposed to win . Jarrett Jack was the player of the game , as he dropped 22 points , six rebounds and two assists on 10 - of - 15 shooting . George Hill finished second on the team in scoring , collecting 12 points , six rebounds and five assists . Lavoy Allen was the only other starter in double figures , as he totaled 10 points and seven rebounds . Luis Scola led the bench with 13 points and five rebounds .
The Houston Rockets defeated the Los Angeles Clippers , 140 - 116 , at Toyota Center on Friday . These are two teams going in opposite directions right now , as the Rockets put it to the Clippers in this blowout win . Not only did they score at least 32 points in every quarter , they shot 56 percent from the field against one of the best defenses in the NBA . The Rockets did have a 26 - point lead that was brought down to six in the fourth quarter , but they responded with a 160 run to take control late . Houston took advantage of a happy whistle , as they went 36 - of - 43 from the free - throw line , while Los Angles took just 16 free - throw attempts . The Rockets also won the rebounding ( 45 - 38 ) and assisting ( 29 - 22 ) differential by seven a piece , as they never trailed after the first quarter . The Clippers ( 22 - 13 ) had to play this game without Chris Paul and Blake Griffin , as they were simply outmatched against a hot Rockets bunch . The frustration hit the fan too , as Austin Rivers and Doc Rivers were both ejected in the second quarter . Raymond Felton did all he could to keep them hanging around , as he led the team with 26 points , five rebounds and eight assists off the bench . DeAndre Jordan led the starters in his homecoming game , as he totaled 20 points and 13 rebounds on 9 - of - 11 shooting . Austin Rivers was the best player on the floor , as he accumulated 26 points , five rebounds and eight assists off the bench . DeAndre Jordan led the starters in his homecoming game , as he totaled 20 points and 13 rebounds on 9 - of - 11 shooting .
The Miami Heat defeated the Philadelphia 76ers , 125 - 102 , at American Airlines Arena on Wednesday . Miami was expected to win this game easily and they left no doubt with this lopsided result . It was a wire - to - wire win for the Heat , as they led by 10 after the first quarter and by 11 headed into the fourth quarter . Shooting was key , as the Heat were held to 42 percent from the field , while the 76ers shot 59 percent . Miami also dominated the rebounding , winning that battle , 49 - 33 . Ersan Ilyasova was the player of the game , as he led Miami with 21 points , five rebounds and two assists . Goran Dragic finished with 16 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Tyler Johnson was huge off the bench , as he provided 21 points , five rebounds and two assists . Hassan Whiteside recorded another double - double , totaling 30 points , 20 rebounds and three blocks on 2 - of - 17 shooting . Ersan Ilyasova went just 5 - of - 11 from the field , but finished with 21 points , four rebounds and three assists . Tyler Johnson also scored 16 points off the bench , doing his best to keep the Sixers in this game . Philadelphia will host the New York Knicks on Wednesday for their next game . The Heat ( 21 - 30 ) are now below .500 across their last 21 games , with this loss being the worst of the season . Hassan Whiteside did all he could for Philadelphia , as he led the team with 30 points , 27 rebounds and three blocks . Dion Waiters was second on the team , collecting 21 points , seven assists and two steals . Goran Dragic accumulated 16 points , four rebounds and eight assists . Richaun Holmes came off the bench to provide 12 points and nine rebounds .
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the host Orlando Magic , 113 - 86 , at Amway Center on Wednesday . In a battle between two teams battling for a playoff spot , the more experienced team went on a late run to cap off a big road win . In fact , the Hawks finished the game on a 35 - 8 run to open things up and win comfortably . They actually led for the majority of the game , as Orlando 's only lead lasted less than two minutes in the second quarter . Shooting was the big difference in the game , with Atlanta hitting 53 percent from the field and 36 percent from three - point range , while Orlando went 35 percent from the field and 26 percent from three - point range on their end . The assist - to - turnover ratio was decisive as well , as the Hawks recorded more assists than the Magic , while committing less turnovers . The Hawks ( 30 - 21 ) had to play this game without Dwyane Wade and Rajon Rondo , as they simply did n't have enough bullets in the arsenal for this matchup . Paul Millsap carried the load , as he tallied 21 points , five rebounds and four assists . Dennis Schroder was the only other starter with more than 12 points , as he accrued 17 points , four rebounds and 10 assists . Jeff Green was the only other starter in double figures , as he collected 16 points and three rebounds . Tim Hardaway Jr. led the team in scoring off the bench , as he provided 21 points , five rebounds and two assists .
The Toronto Raptors ( 34 - 16 ) defeated the Portland Trail Blazers ( 24 - 27 ) 110 - 103 on Wednesday at the Moda Center in Toronto . The Raptors were the superior shooters in this game , going 47 percent from the field and 63 percent from the three - point line , while the Trail Blazers went 47 percent from the floor and a meager 40 percent from beyond the arc . The Raptors were also able to force the Trail Blazers into 14 turnovers , while only committing 14 of their own . The Raptors were led by their backcourt of Damian Lillard and C.J . McCollum , who combined for 62 of the team 's 110 points . Lowry finished with a team - high of 30 points ( 10 - 19 FG , 7 - 5 3Pt , 3 - 5 FT ) , to go along with eight assists and eight assists , while McCollum scored 21 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) and handing out two assists . The 25 points were a new season - high for him and a nice surprise for the Raptors , as he 's averaging only 10 points per game so far this season . Damian Lillard did his best to keep the Trail Blazers in this game , going 8 - for - 20 from the field and 2 - for - 7 from the three - point line to score a team - high of 27 points , to go along with five assists and two blocked shots . It was a career - high in both points and blocks for DeRozan , as he continues to make his case for a larger role come next season . Starting alongside DeRozan , Jonas Valanciunas and Allen Crabbe were the only other players to reach double figures . Crabbe finished with 17 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and two steals , while Crabbe finished with 17 points ( 5 - 9 FG , 1 - 3 3Pt , 6 - 6 FT ) and three rebounds . Kyle Lowry did everything he could to keep the Trail Blazers in position for a win . He went 10 - for - 19 from the field and 7 - for - 10 from the three - point line to score a game - high of 30 points , while also adding eight rebounds and eight assists in 40 minutes . He 's been extremely consistent all season and it continues to show , as he 's posted three double - doubles in a row , a stretch where he 's averaging 22 points and 14 rebounds per game . He received a ton of help from C.J . McCollum , who posted 21 points ( 8 - 18 FG , 4 - 6 3Pt , 1 - 2 FT ) , two assists and one steal . He had a poor showing in Friday 's game against the Heat , so it was good to see him get back on track . Also , coming off the bench , Jonas Valanciunas recorded a double - double of his own , contributing 14 points ( 5 - 10 FG , 4 - 4 FT ) and 11 rebounds . It was his eighteenth start of the year , while the double - double marked his third of the season . Jonas Valanciunas added 14 points ( 5 - 10
The Philadelphia 76ers defeated the Detroit Pistons , 97 - 79 , at Palace of Auburn Hills on Sunday . The Sixers ( 6 - 18 ) came in to the contest short - handed , as Joel Embiid was given the night off to tend to elbow inflammation , while starting point guard Sergio Rodriguez sat out with an illness . That opened the door for Jahlil Okafor and T.J. McConnell to enter the starting five , and both parlayed their opportunities into highly productive performances . McConnell came within an assist of a triple - double , tallying 12 points , 10 rebounds and nine assists , while also adding three steals . Meanwhile , Okafor stepped up with 14 points , nine rebounds , an assist , two blocks and a steal . The two players combined to go 12 - of - 18 from the field , and the Sixers shot an outstanding 56 percent from the field overall , keying what was only their second road win of the season . Robert Covington actually led Philadelphia in scoring , posting 16 points , seven rebounds , two assists , two steals and a block . Ersan Ilyasova was right behind with 15 points , eight boards and a pair of steals . Nik Stauskas received some extra run off the bench as a residual effect of Rodriguez 's absence , and he turned in 10 points , four assists , two rebounds and a steal to lead the second unit . Nerlens Noel , making his season debut after recovering from a knee injury , was only able to log 10 minutes off the bench before being forced from the game with a sprained ankle . He supplied eight points and a steal during his time on the court . Marcus Morris led the offensive effort for the Pistons ( 13 - 13 ) , registering a game - high 28 points and supplementing them with two rebounds , an assist and a block . Andre Drummond posted a 14 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included an assist and a game - high six steals . Reggie Jackson managed 10 points , three assists , a rebound and two steals . The Sixers remain in last place in the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . They 're home again Sunday afternoon for a date with the Charlotte Hornets .
The Miami Heat defeated the Atlanta Hawks , 108 - 90 , at American Airlines Arena on Saturday . Despite there being just five ties and six lead changes in this game , it was close throughout . In fact , neither team led by more than 12 points , as the eight - point final margin was one of the largest leads of the game . Miami won this game , despite being out shot from the field , from three - point range and from the free - throw line . Rebounding was the decisive statistic , with the Heat winning that battle , 54 - 45 . They also dominated the assist - to - turnover ratio , recording 12 more assists and committing three less turnovers . Tyler Johnson was the Hawks best player , as he tallied 23 points , five rebounds and five assists . Paul Dragic finished with 21 points , six rebounds and 3 assists . Goran Dragic was huge off the bench , providing 17 points , six rebounds and three assists . Tyler Johnson was huge off the bench , as he provided 23 points , five rebounds , five assists and two blocks . Paul Millsap was the player of the game , collecting 21 points , four rebounds and 1 assists on 6 - of - 9 shooting . Goran Dragic finished with 17 points , six rebounds and three assists . Willie Reed also played well off the bench , accruing 12 points , 10 rebounds and three blocks . Atlanta will be in action again on Wednesday , as they travel to play the Orlando Magic .
The Denver Nuggets blew out the Los Angeles Lakers 129 - 101 at Staples Center on Monday . Denver ( 32 - 35 ) inches closer to a .500 record for the season and more importantly , show cased their ability to blow out the bottom tier teams while also staving off the Portland Trail Blazers for the 8 - seed in the Western Conference playoffs picture . Depth was on display for the Nuggets in the rout , as they went up 67 - 43 at the half and handed over much of the work to the bench , who also flexed their scoring prowess in the win . The Lakers ( 20 - 47 ) were unable to match the shooting efficiency the Nuggets had going , and finished 30 percent from three point range and 43 percent from the field , compared to the lights out 54 percent effort by Denver . Nikola Jokic and Danilo Gallinari each scored 18 points , and combined for 12 rebounds and nine assists . Mason Plumlee scored 15 points and added 10 rebounds across 36 minutes . Jamal Murray and Will Barton each pitched in 22 points and each played 30 minutes , and combined for nine three - pointers . Lakers Ivan Zubac drew the start at center and offered a bright spot in the box score . Zubac scored 25 points , grabbed 11 rebounds and dished out an assist in 30 minutes . Jordan Clarkson added 19 points on 7 - of - 18 shooting , while Brandon Ingram pitched in 14 points , one rebound and two assists . Next up , the Lakers visit the Houston Rockets on Wednesday , while the Nuggets host the Los Angeles Clippers on Thursday .
The Phoenix Suns ( 20 - 54 ) defeated the Minnesota Timberwolves ( 25 - 49 ) 116 - 121 on Tuesday . The game was an entertaining offensive display that was befitting of both teams ' high - octane attacks . Both clubs managed to top the 64 percent mark from the field , and drained a total of 21 three - pointers between them . The two teams also saw all five members of their respective starting fives manage double - digit point totals , and the Suns received another standout performance from reserve forward Zach LaVine , who 's proven to be a spectacular signing so far . In the end , it was another stat - sheet - stuffing effort from perennial All-Star Andrew Wiggins that helped key the victory . Minnesota was led by a 30 - point effort from standout rookie Karl-Anthony Towns , who also tallied 10 rebounds , five assists and a pair of steals . Knight was next with 30 points , five rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block . Ricky Rubio followed with 17 points , 11 assists , seven rebounds and three steals . Gorgui Dieng had a near double - double with 11 points , nine boards , a steal and a block . Ronnie Price paced the bench with 12 points and two rebounds , while Shabazz Muhammad was productive in a reserve role as well with 12 points , five rebounds and an assist . Minnesota remains in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday night . Wiggins added five rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block to his team - leading scoring total . Mirza Teletovic was next in line with 19 points , four rebounds and two assists , while Alex LaVine and Gorgui Dieng contributed a pair of 14 - point efforts , with the former adding nine rebounds and a pair of blocks , and the latter supplying four assists , a rebound and a steal . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday night . Wiggins added five rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block to his team - leading scoring total . Mirza Teletovic was next in line with 19 points , four rebounds and two assists , while Alex LaVine and Gorgui Dieng contributed a pair of 14 - point efforts . The former added three rebounds and an assist , while the latter had an outstanding defensive game as well , contributing seven rebounds , three blocks and three steals . Gorgui Dieng had a near double - double with 11 points , nine boards , a steal and a block . Gorgui Dieng pitched in with 11 points , nine rebounds , two blocks and two steals . The Timberwolves remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Northwest Division . They 're home against the San Antonio Spurs on Tuesday night .
The Portland Trail Blazers ( 0 - 0 ) defeated the New Orleans Pelicans ( 0 - 2 ) 112 - 94 on Saturday . C.J . McCollum bounced back from a one - point performance to record a game - high 37 points in 37 minutes . Teauge did a lot of his work at the free - throw line , connecting on all 3 of his attempts there . Ed Davis was the only other starter to score in double figures , finishing with 12 points and 11 rebounds in 29 minutes . The Trail Blazers will go on the road to face the Los Angeles Lakers on Sunday . New Orleans has lost two straight , and while they have tons of talent on their roster , it looks like the Pelicans will be focusing on development this season instead of fighting for a playoff spot . It 's obvious watching the team that they are improving under coach Quin Snyder , so time and experience will be the test to see if the Pelicans have the right guys to build a winning team around . CJ McCollum paced the Pelicans with a game - high 37 points on 14 - of - 22 shooting from the field . C.J . McCollum contributed 12 points , nine rebounds and one assist , while Anderson Leonard added 21 points of his own . The Blazers shot 50 percent from the field and are now mired in a three - game losing streak . Up next , the Trail Blazers will head home to take on the Spurs Wednesday , while the Trail Blazers will head back home Wednesday to play the Bucks .
The Golden State Warriors defeated the Utah Jazz 104 - 74 at Oracle Arena on Wednesday . The Warriors ( 25 - 4 ) picked up their eighth straight home win behind a strong all - around performance from their big scoring three . With the likes of Derrick Favors in the mix as the team leader in assists per game this season , he found himself as the outside part of the big three consisting of Kevin Durant , Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson . From addition to the point guard , Curry had a chance to shine , scoring 25 points ( 8 - 13 FG , 4 - 9 3Pt , 5 - 5 FT ) while also adding 10 rebounds and four assists . Steph Curry led all scorers in the contest with 25 points , to go along with four assists and three rebounds , in 30 minutes . Kevin Durant tallied 22 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting , along with five rebounds , one assist and one block , in 25 minutes . Draymond Green was solid with 15 points , 11 rebounds and four assists , in 31 minutes . Joe Johnson chipped in 14 points on 5 - 9 shooting , in 22 minutes off the bench , while Trey Lyles added 11 points , in 24 minutes off the bench . The Warriors were missing Derrick Favors , who sat out with a sore knee , while Derrick Favors returned to the starting lineup after missing the previous two games with a knee injury . Thompson finished with 11 points on 2 - of - 10 shooting in 24 minutes .
The Memphis Grizzlies defeated the Golden State Warriors , 128 - 119 , at FedEx Forum on Friday . The Grizzlies ( 23 - 16 ) have a well - earned defensive reputation , but they did a fine job lighting up the scoreboard on Saturday as well after falling behind early . All five members of their first unit tallied double digits in the scoring column , and Memphis shot a stellar 49 percent from the field overall and 39 percent from three - point range . They put their stamp on the game in the first quarter by jumping out to a 27 - 34 lead . Stephen Curry 's 40 - point night led the Grizzlies . Randolph posted a 27 - point , 13 - rebound double - double , while Thompson poured in 17 points and added six rebounds , an assist , and a steal . Memphis had the hot hand overall , posting respective success rates of 49 and 39 percent from the field and three - point range . Their pinpoint accuracy helped them overcome a whopping 12 turnovers , as did the 16 they elicited from the visitors . Conley added three rebounds and six assists to his team - high scoring total . Klay Thompson was next with 17 points , which he complemented with six rebounds and two assists . Tony Allen posted a 11 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included three assists and a steal . Zaza Pachulia provided 10 points , five rebounds , two assists and three steals . Curry led the way for the visitors with 40 points , six assists , three rebounds , one steal and a block . Zach Randolph was right behind him with a 27 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also featured six assists and a block . Tony Allen managed 11 points , two rebounds , three assists and a steal . Troy Daniels paced the second unit with 12 points , one rebound , an assist and a steal . The Warriors next head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Monday night , while the Grizzlies head to the Windy City for a Saturday night date with the Chicago Bulls .
